+++
title =  "2019-10-10: How to summarize an article"
date = 2019-10-10T17:24:32+09:00
tags = ["summarize"]
+++

## Points
1. Rephrase the words and expressions used in the article 
   to your own words and expressions
2. Don't mistake the conclusion
3. Don't claim your own idea
  - the author points out ...
  - the author feels ...
4. Ignore examples sentences and modifiers

## Procedure
1. Read whole the article at first
  - Distinguish between story trunks and branches
2. Write out the most important claims
  - They should be at the beginning and end
3. Write out an important statement of each paragraphs
4. Rephrase them to your own words and expressions
  - Use "" when quoting a sentence

## Summary of Barbara's Blog

1. Overview
  - About taking meals with the family
  - The author feels that families have little time together at mealtimes these days.
  - The author read an article that describes the benefits of having regular meals with the family.
  - The author wonder if many families knows that.
2. The most important point
  - I was reading an article that said
    children who children who have regular meals with their families are less likely to
    get into trouble than children from families that don't eat together.
  - I wonder if those families know what they're missing.
3. Points in each blocks
  1. Is seems to me that families used to eat more meals together.
  2. That's how we learned to share and take turns, so everyone got to join in.
  3. We'd always have fresh food, or at least leftovers from the night before ...
     no fast food or take out.
  4. Now, I won't pretend our mealtimes were absolutely perfect.
  5. These days, it seems like families have little time together, especially at mealtimes.

## Cheat

Use the following link, if you're so confusing.

[SummarizeThis](https://www.summarizethis.com)

