+++
title =  "2019-08-07: Homework"
date = 2019-08-07T15:00:00+09:00
+++

# Lesson D: Travel blogs (page.19)

## 2. Listening

### A.

So, yeah.
I guess Suzanne has having a really fun trip in New Zealand.
Have you read her blog?

No, I didn't know she was writing one.
So what's she doing?

Well, yesterday, she went hang-gliding.
She said she was really scared.

Was she?
I'm not surprised.
You know Suzanne.
She's always been scared of trying anything new.

Yeah.
Fortunately, she was with a friend, she says.
They took them up in pairs, so.

Huh.
So, did Suzanne meet up her relatives?  
How long was her family there?
She wanted to spend couples of days with them.

She did?
Actually, yeah.
She did say her aunt and uncle over there.
I think she stayed at their house.
That's right.
She said she's been hiking in staff like that with them.

Yeah? Nice.
So, what else is she done?
Has she been up in the North?
I heard that the hot spring's are really amazing up there.

Ah, yeah.
I think she actually went <?>..
Anyway, she's taking a lot of photos and on her blog.
Amazingly there're pretty good photos.
I mean, you know what's she usually like with a camera.
Photos are usually terrible.

I know.
Well, good for her.
I'd love to go to New Zealand.
I've never even been to the country.

You haven't ?
Me, neither.


### B.
1. They know about her trip on her blog. 
2. She's always been scared of trying anything new.
3. Her aunt and uncle live in New Zealand. Yes, she probably did.
4. Her photos are amazing. Because her photos are usually terrible.
5. No, they haven't.

- - -

## 3. Writing and speaking: Blog about it

### B

This spring, I and my wife went on a tour of the Isle of Skye and Highlands from Edinburgh.
Our friend told us that Scotland is cloudy most of the year,
but fortunately, the weather was very fine.
Amazingly, the scenery in Scotland was as beautiful as I saw in movies.
We didn't have enough time to visit Edinburgh Castle during this trip, unfortunately,
so next time we'll want to stay in Edinburgh for a while.

