+++
title =  "2019-12-27: Touchstone-3 Unit-6 Lesson.D 1.C page.61"
date = 2019-12-24T13:00:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

### 1.C. Deliver your experience and ask your partner about her experience using the phrases.

#### 1. "play a trick on"
**original question**: Have you played a trick on someone? How did it turn out?

I don't remember the last time when I played a trick on someone.
Well, when I was a child, I and my friends were going back home from elementary school.

I caught a small frog and put it on the shoulder of my friend without being noticed.
She didn't notice the frog for a while, so another friend called her name from her back.
And then, she looked back and noticed it at last.
She shouted loudly and run around.

She hated frogs extremely, we knew.
We laughed as she desperately tried to run away from the frog on her shoulder. 
She was so angry with that, so we apologised for playing a trick on her.
Finally she forgave us for that.

But, we sometimes played the same trick like that on her.
Every time she shouted like for the first time, so we enjoyed that.

##### Question
Have you ever played a trick on someone?
How did it turn out?
Was the someone angry with that?

#### 2. "make a progress on"
**original question**: What do you do if you're not making progress on an assignment?

When I was in a elementary school,
I've been looking forward to the summer vacation every year.
But there was only one thing I didn't like about the summer vacation.

It was the assignment of the summer vacation.
The title was "Your friend in the summer vacation".
It was never our friend definitely.
The person who says "I'm your friend!" is an imposter, we learned from that.

Every year I was thinking to finish the assignment at the first week.
But I was busy to play with my friends.
I had to go to river, mountain, and the sea.
And I had to play baseball, football, and water battle.

Three days before the last day of the summer vacation,
I noticed that I had made no progress on the assignment of the summer vacation.
And then, I called my friend who was an earnest student and
asked him to rend me "your friend in the summer vacation".
He was a true friend.

##### Question
What do you do if you're not making progress on an assignment?

#### 3. "get distracted by"
**original question**: Do you often get distracted by email or phone calls?

At my workplace, it's noisy because phone call is ringing,
someone is clearing his throat and some colleagues are talking about their work.
Unless I do something to protect from the noises, I can't concentrate on my work.
So, I'm always putting ear plugs into my ears.
There is almost not phone calls for me, so it's OK.

And I don't like interruptions to stop my working.
So, I read emails three times a day,
at the beginning of work, before lunch time, and the end of work.
Most emails don't require me to do something immediately.
Email is not a tool to make someone do something immediately.

If you want to contact me immediately,
you can send a direct message to me 
using an instant messaging tool such as slack, skype, or mattermost.
People who use them want to concentrate on their own task like me,
so they don't normally use a direct message.

##### Question
What do you do not to get distracted by email or phone calls?
Does it work?

#### 4. "drive you crazy"
**original question**: What kinds of personality traits drive you crazy?

Malicious and sneaky traits drive me crazy. 
I hate those personality traits.
I normally ignore them, but sometimes I can't.

About 10 years ago,
a manager and a engineer - They had a boss and subordinate relationship -
came to the workplace where I was working.
The subordinate flattered to his boss,
and the boss had no technical skill and no management skill.

#### 5. "set yourself a tight deadline"
**original question**: Do you ever set yourself a tight deadline?

Everyday I set myself a tight deadline.

We use a issue board which has todo list, doing list, done list.

At the beginning of week, we decide roughly what we should do this week.
And then we divide those into several items.
We write down each items into postits.
We write deadline, details, estimate time to finish about each items.
The estimate time should be up to 4 hours.
If it's over 4 hours, you should break it down.
We put those postits on the todo list.

Every morning you pick up some tasks from the todo list and put those on the doing list,
and then you get to work.
When you finish your task, you write actual time to finish on the postit,
and you put it on the done list.

At the end of week, you review your postits on the done list,
and the difference between estimate time and actual time.
If the difference is large, your estimate is optimistic. 
If you can see, you can fix it.

This method has two good points.
Firstly, you can do single-tasking,
Secondly, you can help your colleagues and you can be helped by your colleagues.
Because you make clear what you should do and what you're doing.

##### Question

Have you ever set yourself a tight deadline?
How do you set yourself a tight deadline? 

#### 6. "make up your mind"

**original question**: Do you find it easy to make up your mind?

Small decisions are easy to make up my mind.
Like, What should I eat for lunch? 
What movie should I watch?

But, it's hard to make up my mind about that affect my life.
For example, which university should I apply?
Which company should I work for?

I make clear what I want to do.


##### Question
