+++
title =  "2019-10-31: Homework"
date = 2019-10-31T13:00:00+09:00
+++

# Unit-5: Food choices

## Lesson B: A question of taste

## 1. Building vocabulary

### A. Have you eaten any of these things recently? Which do you like best?

- 1. (stir-)fried noodles, 2. grilled shrimp, 3. steamed vegetables, 4. boiled eggs, 5. baked potatoes
- 6. pickled cabbage, 7. roast lamb, 8. barbecued beef, 9. raw fish, 10. smoked fish

I have eaten boiled eggs, baked potatoes, and raw fish.

Recently I've eaten a sandwich which my wife cooked,
it contained some slices of boiled eggs and grilled tandoori chicken,
some lettuce and pickled onion. It was really tasty.


### B. How do you like to eat different kinds of food? Make word webs like these using the words above. Then compare with a partner.

* fried
  - eggs, potatoes, onion, chicken 
* grilled
  - chicken, beef, pork, fish
* steamed
  - meat dumpling, buns with meat filling, egg custard, clam with sake

## 2. Speaking naturally

* Do you like fried rice?
  - Yes, I love fried rice, and also steamed rice, too.
* Do you like raw fish?
  - Yes, I love raw fish, of course. I love sushi, too.
* Have you ever eaten raw eggs?
  - Yes, of course I've eaten raw eggs. I eat raw eggs with sukiyaki, gyudon, curry rice, and so on.

## 3. Building language

### A. What do Carla and Leo want to order?
* Carla: She wants to order some apple pie.
  - ? Is apple pie uncountable?
* Leo: He wants to order some apple pie and another iced tea.


### B. Can you complete these sentences with enough, too, too much, or too many?
1. Leo ate <u>too many</u> fries, and he put <u>too much</u> salt on them.
2. Carla's still hungry because she didn't eat <u>enough</u> food.
3. Leo is <u>too</u> full, but Carla isn't. Her salad wasn't filling <u>enough</u>.
4. Carla eats <u>too</u> slowly. She doesn't eat fast <u>enough</u>. She talks <u>too much</u>.

## 4. Grammar

### A. Complete these sentences with too, too much, too many, or enough. More than one answer may be possible.
1. I eat <u>too much</u> fast food and not <u>{enough, too many}</u> fruits and vegetables.
2. There's never <u>enough</u> time to shop or cook during the week, so I eat out a lot.
3. During my exams, I study <u>too much</u> and I don't sleep <u>enough</u>.
4. I don't like fried foods - there's <u>too much</u> fat in them.
It's better to grill or steam food.
5. If I don't eat <u>enough</u> for breakfast, or if breakfast isn't filling <u>enough</u>,
I'm usually <u>too</u> hungry to wait for lunch.
6. Sometimes, I eat <u>too</u> fast and I get a stomachache.
Or I eat <u>{too much, too many}</u>.
7. I don't like ice cream. I find most desserts are <u>too</u> sweet for me.
8. I'm probably <u>too</u> careful about what I eat,
but I get sick if I eat <u>{too, too many}</u> fatty things.

### B. Are the sentences above true for you?
1. I rarely eat fast food and I eat too much vegetable, but I rarely eat fruit.
Because I eat a cup of yogurt and some nuts for breakfast, and I bring a lunch box.
And I eat too much at dinner, so there isn't room for dessert.
Moreover, fruits go bad quickly, so I don't buy them often.
2. There's never enough time to cook during weekdays.
And I'm not good cooker to make dishes quickly.
But my wife is an excellent chef, she makes my lunch box and dinner every day.
3. During my exams, I study and practice too much, but I sleep well.
Because if I don't sleep enough, I can't remember what I studied.
4. I love fried foods: fried chips, fried onion, tempura, and especially chicken nanban.
Chicken nanban is a famous local cuisine from Miyazaki Prefecture.
It's chicken fried in oil, dipped in sugared vinegar
and then finished off with a tartar sauce topping.
My wife was born and raised in Miyazaki.
She can make it really nice and tasty.
5. In my opinion, if I don't eat anything for breakfast, I'm not hungry until lunch.
On the other hand, if I eat enough for breakfast, I'm usually hungry one hour before lunch.
I know that. I didn't eat breakfast until recently.
6. In my case, even if I eat too fast and I don't get a stomachache.
I get a stomachache when I have constipation without eating vegetables.
7. I love ice cream. I eat ice cream all year around. Of course, especially in the summer.
I don't like too much sweetie sweets, but except ice cream.
8. I'm not really careful about what I eat, because I like vegetables and eat them every day.
Moreover, I feel that eating what you want is the best healthy method.
Of course, eating too much is bad, but I think that less stress is good health.

- - -
## p.138: Unit-5

1. thirsty / dessert : S
2. raw / sauce: S
3. broccoli / boiled: D
4. fries / pie: S
5. should / pound: D
6. too / soup: S
7. good / food: S
8. much / love: S
9. full / hungry: D

