+++
title =  "2019-08-28: Homework"
date = 2019-08-28T13:00:00+09:00
+++

# Lesson C: I had the best time.

## 3. Listening and strategies: Travel talk

#### Ray
Welcome to Travel talk.
I'm your host, Ray Martin.
My guest today is travel writer, Jill Ryan.
Jill has traveled around the world many times.
Her new book is called "A travelers' tales".
Jill, welcome to Travel talk.

#### Jill
Thank you, Ray.
It's great to be here.

#### Ray
Jill, you have the most interesting life.
You clearly love traveling.

#### Jill
Yeah, I really do.
I love learning new things about the world.

#### Ray
Well, let's talk about your new book.
You know, you've been to some of the most interesting places in the world.

#### Jill
I have.
And it's those most interesting in most exciting places that I talk about in my book.

#### Ray
So, then, tell me.
What is the most interesting place you've ever been to?

#### Jill
Well, one really interesting place I visited is Petra in Jordan.
It's the most amazing city.

#### Ray
Well, the pictures in your book of Petra are certainly amazing.
They're some of the most interesting.

#### Jill
Yes, they sure are. 
The city is actually all rock.
The name Petra means city of rock.

#### Ray
Really.
Now, you've been to some beautiful places, too.
What's the most beautiful place you've seen?

#### Jill
Hum..,  that's a difficult question.
There're so many beautiful places.
I think Antarctica has the most beautiful natural features I've ever seen.

#### Ray
It sure does.
I mean, the photographs of Antarctica are all incredible.
OK. Let's talk about your best and worst trips.
What's the best trip you've taken?

#### Jill
My trip to Copper canyon in Mexico last year was definitely the best.
The colors were just wonderful.
And actually, it was pretty exciting.
I rode the train through Copper canyon.
I think actually, that's the most exciting thing I've ever done.

#### Ray
I bet.
It looks incredibly beautiful.
It looks like the kind of place everyone should go to.

#### Jill
Yeah, they really should.
It's the most beautiful train ride amazing views.

#### Ray
OK. Well, now I have to ask.
What was your worst trip?

#### Jill
Well, two years ago, I took a Caribbean cruise. 
The cruise was great, but I got very sea sick.
I had to stay in my cabin for four days.
I didn't see or do anything.
So, yeah.
That was the worst trip.

#### Ray
Yeah.
It sounds terrible, not fun at all.
Well, Jill.
I want to thank you for being on Travel talk.
And good luck with your new book.

#### Jill
You're welcome, Ray.
It was my pleasure.
