+++
title =  "2019-07-12: a longer conversation"
date = 2019-07-12T16:30:00+09:00
+++

- - -
# How to make a conversation longer.

The best way to show that you want to start a longer conversation is to ask open-ended questions.
Open-ended questions have to be answered with more than one word and
allow the other person to talk longer.

- - -

# 1. Open-ended questions

1. What do you think about <u>hoge</u>?
2. Have you heard that <u>hoge</u>?
: (If they answer "Yes": ) What do you think?
3. What do you like about <u>hoge</u>?
4. How have you like living in <u>(place)</u>?
How was the experience?

## Dialogue:

* Jane: "What are you doing this weekend?"
* Max: "I don't know yet. You?"
* Jane: "I'm going to the museum. Have you heard about the new photography exhibit?"
* Max: "Yes, I have."
* Jane: "What do you think about photography?"
* Max: "I think it can be beautiful form of art, especially in blank and white."
"I like to practice photography myself in my spare time."

- - -

# 2. Follow-up Questions and Comments:

1. What do you mean?
2. Why <u>hoge</u>?
  - e.g. Why did that happen? Why do you think so?
3. How <u>hoge</u>?
  - e.g. How did you like it? How was it?
4. Interesting! Tell me more.
5. What happened next?
6. What did you like/not like about it?

## Dialogue:

* Jane: "I went to the health conference yesterday and it was so surprising!"
* Max: "What do you mean?"
* Jane: "This year all of the current health recommendations have been changed. Everything is so different and dieticians don't know what to about it."
* Max: "Interesting! Tell me more."
* Jane: "Dieticians have been giving the same health advice for decades, but now they have to change their thinking."

- - -

# 3. Phrases to show acknowledgement

Use these to show interest in what the other person is saying and
to let the person know you are listening as he or she speaks.

1. Oh, wow.
2. Really?
3. That's interesting / crazy / funny / weird.
4. I didn't know that! huh.
5. Cool!
6. No way!
7. Oh, no!
8. Right. (This means "I agree/acknowledge what you are saying")
9. That sounds fun / cool / interesting.

## Dialogue.1: 

* Jane: "I was driving down the street when all of a sudden a deer ran in front of my car..."
* Max: "Oh, no!"
* Jane: "...But, luckily, I swerved in time to miss it."

## Dialogue.2:

Max: "I went to the U2 concert yesterday..."
Jane: "No way!"
Max: "... and it was the best concert I have ever been to!"

- - -

# 4. Phrases to politely oppose a viewpoint

When you want to express a different opinion or
experience without offending the other person use the phrases below.

1. I see what you mean, but I think <u>hoge</u>.
2. In my experience <u>hoge</u>.
For me <u>hoge</u>. (talk about an opposing experience)

## Dialogue 1.:
- Max: "I went to Maxx's Restaurant last night, but I didn't like it."
- Jane: "In my experience it was great. What was wrong with your dinner?"

## Dialogue 2.:
- Sue: "I love going to the Caribbean for summer vacation."
- Joe: "For me, going to the mountains is so much more fun."

- - -

# 5. Changing the subject

1. Before, you mentioned <u>hoge</u>. What did you mean?
2. Can you tell me more about <u>hoge</u>?
3. That reminds me of <u>hoge</u>.
4. Speaking of <u>hoge</u>.
5. There's something else I wanted to ask you.
6. I know this is changing the subject, but <u>hoge</u>.

## Dialogue.1:
- Matt: "Going on vacation in the winter is much nicer than going in the summer because there are not as many tourists."
- John: "Speaking of vacations, we're going to Mexico next month!"

## Dialogue.2:
- Max: "I just watched the movie Flozen with my kids."
- Sue: "Speaking of that movie, I'm reading a biography about Walt Disney."

## Dialogue.3:
- Jane: "My day has been so busy so far. I've gone to school, the maill, the library, and the crovery store."
- Steve: "I know this is changing the subject, but I just watched the cooking channel last night, and now I'm so inspired to cook something new. Do you watch that channel?"

- - -
# 6. How to end the conversation

To kindly end the conversation, mix a phrase from group A with a phrase from group B below.

## Group A
- I have to go now.
- I have to run. (I have to go.)
- I'm going to go now.

## Group B
- It was great talking to you.
- I'm glad I ran into you.
- I hope to see you soon.
- It was nice to meet you.
- It was great seeing you.

## Dialogue.1:
- Joan: I have to go now. I hope to see you soon!
- Max: See you soon!

## Dialogue.2:
- Beth: I have to run. I'm glad I ran into you!
- Pam: It was great seeing you again!


