+++
title =  "2019-08-02: Homework"
date = 2019-08-02T17:25:39+09:00
+++

# Lesson D: Travel blogs (page.19)

## 1. Reading

He had a flat tire on the way to Ipala Volcano.
Hard rain soaked everything outside the tent.

She missed Carnival in Rio that she's always wanted to see.
And she lost her camera.

## 2. Listening

### A.

So, yeah.
I guess Suzanne has having a really fun trip in New Zealand.
Have you read her blog?

No, I didn't know she was writing one.
So what is she doing?

Well, yesterday, she went hang-gliding.
She said she was really scared.

Was she?
I'm not surprised.
You know Suzanne.
She's always been scared of trying anything new.

Yeah.
Fortunately, she was with a friend, she says.
They took up in pairs, so.

Huh.
So, did Suzanne meet up her relatives?  
How long was she with family there?
She's wanted to spend a couple of days with them.

She did?
Actually, yeah.
She did say her <..> uncle over there.
I think she's stayed at their house.
That's right.
She said she's been hiking in staff like that with them.

Yeah. Nice.
So, what's else she's done?
Has she been up in the North ?
I heard that the hot spring's are really amazing up there.

Ah, yeah.
I think she actually <?>..
Anyway, she's taking a lot of photos and on her blog.
Amazingly there're pretty good photos.
I mean, you know what's she usually like with a camera.
Photos are usually terrible.

I know.
Well, good for her.
I'd love to go to New Zealand.
I've never even been to the country.

You haven't ?
Me, neither.




