+++
title =  "2019-09-27: Homework"
date = 2019-09-27T15:00:00+09:00
+++

# Unit 4: Family life
## Lesson C: If you ask me, ...

## 1.D

Complete these sentences with expressions from above to give your opinions.

### 1. <u>I don't agree that</u> people work longer hours than they used to.
Until thirty years ago in Japan, I think that all Japanese used to work really harder than now.
My father also used to work harder everyday, even Saturday, sometimes also Sunday.
At that age, however, there were hope like that we can get more money, get own car and house,
and become happier.

On the other hand, Japan has stopped growing for thirty years.
Now, the population is aging and declining,
the pensions that can be received after retirement are decreasing, and taxes are rising.

It seems to me that many Japanese feel despair for the future.
I think that they feel work longer because of hopeless.

### 2. <u>I think</u> people don't spend enough time with their families.
I think Japanese people in particular spend less time with their families than other countries.

In my opinion, one of the reason is that there were so many transfers at Japanese companies.
Those companies tended to transfer employees who have children or own homes.
It seems to me that those companies knows that
it's difficult to quit for them because they need money.
It's absolutely disgusting.

From now on, however, I think Japanese companies will not do that anymore,
because the number of workers is decreasing and the value of workers is increasing. 
Therefore, companies will not do what workers don't want.

### 3. <u>I know that</u> it's not a good idea to take work home on the weekends.
I used to take work home on the weekends,
or even I sometimes worked at the office on the weekends. I was a workaholic.
I used to be tired every day and I couldn't sleep much due to worrying about my work.

One day, I realized that the company works well even if I don't work hard.
Because nothing was happened even when
my colleague left from work due to getting exhausted and being sick.
I don't wanted to be like him.
I realized that I wanted to live comfortably, happily, and easily.

### 4. <u>I would say that</u> people should get more time off.
People should enjoy own life.

In Japan, we have to work throughout life because of tiny pensions.
If you get enough time off, you can enjoy life including work until just before death.

### 5. <u>I can understand that</u> there's a lot of pressure to work long hours.
Because business condition is not good and the boss is always complaining.

We have a lot of work but, if you ask me,
almost our work is useless at traditional Japanese companies in particular.
We should focus the most valuable work, and ignore other work and even the boss.
If we can focus that, I think we don't have to work long hours.

### 6. <u>I'm not convinced that</u> everyone is way too busy these days.
I think that people, especially Japanese business men, tend to think that
they are the busiest and hardest.
They boast about their hardships at Izakaya bars.
They are typical Japanese business man with character defects.
