+++
title =  "2019-11-21: Homework"
date = 2019-11-21T10:00:00+09:00
+++
# Unit-5: Food choices
## Lesson D: The world's favorite snacks

### At the last lesson, what I learned is ...
I learned snacks around the world.
And I learned where the snacks are popular, how they are cooked, and what they are made from.

- - -
### 2. Listening and speaking: Snack habits

### A. Have you tried any of the snack below? Which countries do you think they com from originally?

#### Hummus
No, I have not.
At first, I thought it comes from Brazil, but correctly from Turkey.
#### Nachos
Yes, I have. I like Nachos very much.
I think it comes from Mexico.
I ate it for the first time at a Hard Rock Cafe.
#### Edamame
Yes, I have.
I think it comes from Japan.
Japanese Izakaya restaurant often serves it as a small appetizer included with a cover charge.
#### Chocolate chip cookies
Yes, I have.
I thought it comes from England.
I was wrong.
It's originated in the United States.

- - -
### B. Listen. How would the three people answer the questions? Complete the chart.

#### Zoe
1. What's your favorite snack?
  - <u>My favorite snack is nachos.</u>
2. When do you eat it?
  - <u>Watching a baseball game, I eat it.</u>
3. Do you think it's healthy?
  - <u>No, I don't think so.</u>
4. Do you know how to make it?
  - <u>Yes, I know how to make it.</u>

We like to eat healthy food.
So, we always have lots of fresh fruits and vegetables in the house.
Healthy snacks too, like nuts and yogurt.
But my favorite snack is definitely nachos.
My husband makes the best nachos. 
So, yeah.
We loved to sit down and watch baseball with a big plate of nachos.
We always keep a few packages of chips in the cabinet.
So we can make some.
And he put a few tomatoes, and little melted cheese on top, and some sour creme.
They're so good.
Yeah, they're pretty filling though.
Sometimes, they're enough and we don't need dinner.
And there are probably a little fattening, kind of higher calories.
But that's OK, I guess.
It's nice to have a treat occasionally.
Humm.. Maybe we'll make some tonight.

#### Josh
1. What's your favorite snack?
  - <u>My favorite are chocolate chip cookies.</u>
2. When do you eat it?
  - <u>I eat it at night, watching TV.</u>
3. Do you think it's healthy?
  - <u>I think it's generally good, but I'm always overeating.</u>
4. Do you know how to make it?
  - <u>No, I don't remember how to make them.</u>

I love cookies.
Chocolate chip are my favorite.
I love to eat them in bed at night when I watch TV.
Problem is, if I open a package of cookies, I can't put them down.
I just want to eat them all.
And that's not good for you, I know.
I mean cookies generally are very good for you anyway.
But yeah, they remind me when I was kid.
My sister and I used to make them, I never have time to make them now.
I'm just too busy.
And actually, I don't remember how to make them. 
So yeah, I just buy a small package every week, and tried to have one or two a night.
It's a treat.

#### Kate
1. What's your favorite snack?
  - <u>My favorite snack is hummus.</u>
2. When do you eat it?
  - <u>I eat it when I come home from work.</u>
3. Do you think it's healthy?
  - <u>Yes, I think it's healthy.</u>
4. Do you know how to make it?
  - <u>No, I don't know how to make it.</u>

One thing I like to eat is a lot of raw vegetables.
Like if I'm hungry, when I come home from work.
You know. 
It's easy to just grab something like cookies or something that is not very healthy.
So, you know.
I always keep something healthy in the refrigerator like hummus.
Actually that's my favorite snack.
And if it's like too early for dinner, I just cut up a few carrots to dip into it.
I always buy tabsabit? in a supermarket.
I don't actually know the recipe for hummus.
I've never made it.

- - -
### 3. Writing: You should definitely try it!

### A. Read the help note and the article below. What do like, for example, and such as give examples of?

#### like
The "like" gives sweet sticky rice as a example of the delicious desserts in Thailand.

#### for example
The "For example" gives black sticky rice with a special type of wild rice as a example of many types of sweet sticky rice.

#### such as
The "such as" gives coconut custard, fresh coconut cream, and fresh mangoes as examples of various toppings on sweet stick rice.

- - -
### B. Choose a popular snack food or traditional dish in your country.

#### A Japanese Traditional Soup Dish

If you visit or live in Japan, you could have already tried some mochi sweets or snacks,
like mochi ice cream, rice cracker, Daifuku mochi, Ohagi, or Isobe-yaki.
You can try them all around Japan, whenever you want.

In addition, There are traditional Japanese mochi sweets and dishes, especially in winter.
For example, they're Zenzai and Zouni.
Zenzai is a sweet soup made of red beans with toasted mochi.
Zouni is a soup dish which contains mochi and other ingredients,
such as vegetables, and chicken or fishes.
The ingredients is varied depending on the regions.
People eat Zouni at New Year's.

- - -
## Vocabulary notebook: Fried bananas

### 1. Cross out the adjective that doesn't go well with each noun.

* a. ~~smoked~~
* b. ~~barbecued~~
* c. ~~pickled~~
* d. ~~smoked~~

### 2. How many cooking or taste words can you put before these foods? List them from your least favorite to your favorite ways of eating them in a chart like the one below.

  least | favorite | ===> | favorite | **food**
:------:|:--------:|:--:|:--------:|:----:
  stewed | smoked | grilled | deep-fried | **chicken**
  raw | poached | seasoned and soft boiled | fried | **eggs**
  marinated | simmered | grilled | raw | **fish**
  dried | stir-fried | canned | fresh | **pineapple**
  fresh | ground | roasted | crushed | **red peppers**

### 3. Word builder: Which adjective goes best with each noun? Complete the expressions.
* <u>scrambled</u> eggs
* <u>whole</u> milk
* <u>sweet and sour</u> shrimp
* <u>dark</u> chocolate
* <u>mashed</u> potatoes
* <u>whole wheat</u> bread
* <u>grated</u> cheese

