+++
title =  "2019-11-03: Homework"
date = 2019-11-03T13:00:00+09:00
+++

# Unit-5: Food choices
## Lesson C: Whatever you're having

## 1. Conversation strategy: Letting another person decide

### A. What drinks or snacks do you offer visitors to your home?
I offer visitors a cup of tea or coffee.

### B. What snacks does Laura offer Kayla? What drinks does she offer?

#### What snacks?
She offers some cheese in the fridge and a box of crackers.

#### What drinks?
She offers some tea or coffee.

### C. Notice
* Either one is fine. Whatever you're having.
* Either way. Whichever is easier.

### D. Write responses to these questions, letting the other person decide. Then start a conversation with a partner, and plan an evening out using the ideas below.

1. So what do you feel like doing this evening? Do you want to eat out or got to a movie?
  - Either way is fine. Whatever you prefer.
2. OK. Let's go to a movie. What do you want to see? A Thriller or a comedy or ...?
  - Whatever you prefer.
3. I guess we could eat out first. Do you want to eat Italian or Chinese or ...?
  - Whatever you prefer.
4. SO, do you want to walk?, or should we catch the bus? The buses run every 20 minutes.
  - Either way is fine. Whichever is faster.
5. Should we buy the tickets there, or should we get them online before we go?
  - Either way is fine. Whichever is easier.
6 Do you want a drink first? Would you like some lemonade or some iced tea?
  - Whatever you're having.

## 2. Strategy plus: Polite refusals

* Host: Would you like something to eat?
* Guest: <u>No, thanks. Maybe later.</u>
* Host: Really? Are you sure? There are a few sandwiches or some vegetables and dip.
* Guest: <u>No, thanks. I'm fine. Really.</u>
* Host: Well, can I get you something to drink? I have juice, soda,...or would you prefer some water?
* Guest: <u>I'm OK for now. But thanks.</u>
* Host: Well, if you change your mind, just let me know.

