+++
title =  "2019-07-31: Homework"
date = 2019-07-31T09:00:00+09:00
+++

- - -

# Lesson C: I've heard good things ... (page.16)

## 1. Conversation Strategy: Keeping the conversation going

### A. What kinds of fun things do people do on the weekend? Make a list.

* going shopping
* watching movie
* doing exercise

### B. What fun things has Jason done lately?

He has gone to a new club called Fizz last week.

### C. Find other examples in the conversation.

* Have you been there ?
* How was it ?
* Do you like ... ?
* I prefer ....
* Is it good ?

### D. Match each statement with a response. Then practice with a partner.

1. I just saw <u>Hereafter</u>. It was a good movie. Have you ever seen it ? 
  - d. No, but I've heard of it. What's it about?
2. Have you ever eaten a <u>lychee</u>?
  - a. It's a fruit, right? I've never tried one. What do you they taste like.
3. I heard a really good band called <u>Sunset</u> recently. Do you know them ?
  - c. No, but I've heard good things about them. What kind of music do the play?
4. One of my favorite restaurants is <u>Spice House</u>. Have you ever eaten there?
  - b. No, but I've walked by it. What kind of food do they serve?

- - -

# Lesson C: I've heard good things ... (page.17)

## 2. Strategy plus: Response questions

### 1.
- A: I've never been up in a hot air balloon. I'm afraid of heights.
- B: <u>Are you</u>? Me too. I hate flying.
- A: <u>Do you</u>? I'm the same way. I get sick on airplanes, too.

### 2.
- A: Have you ever performed in front of an audience?
- B: Yes, I have. Actually, I do it all the time.
- A: <u>Have you</u>? Wow.
- B: Year. I'm drummer in a rock band.
- A: <u>Are you</u>? I'm impressed!

### 3.
- A: Have you seen any good movies lately?
- B: Actually, I went to see that new action movie that's out right now.
- A: <u>Did you</u>? The one with Liam Neeson? I've seen all his movies.
- B: <u>Have you</u>? So is he your favorite actor?

## 3. Listening and strategies: What have they done?

### Albert

A boy sent your own movies.(?)
When I was in high school, my friend and I decided to take a class.
And we learnt how to make short movies.
There were so much fun. 
So Yeah, I recreate my kind of hobby.
We've made it once even now.
They're only five minutes long, but it's take hours of work.
And we evented coupled in local competitions.
We haven't won anything.
But anyway, we just answered a latest short movie in a national film festival.

#### respond to the last thing
Did you? How was the result?

### Reny

I've always liked dance.
I've always been a good dancer too.
So, yeah, I've taken the lei lessons, and modern dance, traditional dance, everything.
So, no one was surprised when I decided to become a professional dancer.
So, now I'm with a well-known dance company.
We've troubled a lot.
We've toured the states twice now.
We just performed for the president.
And yeah, that was really exciting.
But I was so nervous.

#### respond to the last thing
Your were? Did you succeed?

### Mellisa

I moved into a new apartment recently.
And I decided to decorate it.
You know, painted everything.
You know, I decorated before, so I know I can do it.
I even kind of enjoy it.
But it was complete disaster.
I fell off the ladder and spilled paint everywhere, and I hurt my ankle.
So now I can't walk anything.
And I have gone out all week.
I just watched the entire series of my favorite TV show, though.

#### respond to the last thing
You did? How did it end?
