+++
title =  "2019-06-26: The usual day"
date = 2019-06-26T22:00:00+09:00
tags = ["english"]
description = "Today was an uneventful day."
+++
I got an English lesson today.
I had a quiz that you make one word by choosing two memos from the ones with one word.

* back pack
* butter fly
* light house
* blue berry
* etc.

I thought it's easy, but I couldn't find some words.
I don't have enough vocabulary.

- - -
The followings will be my homework by next Friday.

## page.10: Vocabulary notebook

#### 1. Rewrite the sentences so that they have an opposite meaning.

1. My father drives really badly.
!= **My father drives really well.**
2. My best friend can be very kind.
!= **My best friend can be very mean.**
3. My boss is an extremely rude person.
!= **My boss is an extremely polite person.**
4. I was pretty unhappy in school.
!= **I was pretty happy in school.**

#### 2. For each of the underlined words, think of a word with an opposite meaning.

1. I have a pretty <u>loud</u>/**small** voice.
2. My classmate is extremely <u>outgoing</u>/**introverted**.
3. I'm usually <u>late</u>/**early** for appointments.
4. My brother eats very <u>slowly</u>/**quickly**.
5. I think English is <u>difficult</u>/**easy**.
6. My sister and I have <u>different</u>/**same** tastes.

#### 3. Use the prefixes im-, in-, un-, and dis- to create opposite meanings for these words.

1. He's patient/<u>impatient</u>.
2. She's honest/<u>dishonest</u>.
3. He's friendly/<u>unfriendly</u>.
4. He's competent/<u>incompetent</u>.
5. They're organized/<u>disorganized</u>.
6. He looks healthy/<u>unhealthy</u>.
7. She's reliable/<u>unreliable</u>.
8. She's considerate/<u>inconsiderate</u>.

