+++
title =  "2019-09-11: Homework"
date = 2019-09-11T17:00:00+09:00
+++

# Checkpoint Units 1-3
## 5. What do you think?

1. What's the tallest building in this city?
  - Yokohama Landmark Tower is the tallest.
2. What's the nicest park around here?
  - I have no idea about the nicest, because I've never been to a park around here.
3. Where's the best place to sit and enjoy the view?
  - The restaurant in Yokohama Landmark Tower is the best.
  - Because it has a magnificent night view.
4. Where's the most expensive restaurant in this city?
  - The Intercontinental Yokohama is the most expensive.
  - The shape of the hotel is like a sail of yacht.
5. What's the most delicious thing you've ever eaten?
  - Mentaiko which I ate for the first time is the most delicious.
  - I ate it when I was 6 or 7 years old, I love Mentaiko still now.
6. What's the worst movie you've ever seen?
  - 'Avatar' is the worst I've ever seen.
  - Because I felt the main character was a terrible hypocrite.
7. Who's the busiest person you know?
  - My uncle is the busiest person.
  - He is a junior high school teacher, a kung fu master, and doing volunteer work.
  - He is fully booked even on Saturdays and Sundays.

## 6. What are they like?

* fairly impatient
  - My friend Mochida is fairly impatient.
  - He's always walking fast.
* totally reliable
  - My friend Nishimura is totally reliable.
  - He always keeps his word.
* really inconsiderate, terribly arrogant, completely dishonest
  - Donald Trump is really inconsiderate, terribly arrogant and completely dishonest.
  - He's always saying stupid things. Everyone knows that.
* pretty disorganized
  - My colleague Tanizaki-san is pretty disorganized.
  - His desk is always messy.
* incredibly talented
  - My friend Kyohei is incredibly talented.
  - He runs a marathon in less than 3 hours, learns English and IT skills by himself
    and runs several apartments.

- - -
# Unit 4: Family life

* Before you begin...
  - What activities do you and your family do together?
  - Tell three things.

1. I, my family and my relatives get together for lunch on one day
  during the first three days of the new year.
2. I, my family and my relatives get together for lunch on one day
  during Obon.
3. I, my family and my brother's family, who lives in America,
  get together once every two or three years and have a barbeque.

