+++
title =  "2019-12-15: Today's English Lesson"
date = 2019-12-15T20:57:23+09:00
tags = ["review", "common vocabulary"]
+++

Today's English lesson,
I practiced phone conversation, and meeting conversation about a community event.
I tried that, however, I couldn't do well at all.
I think, it's difficult for me to build my opinion and explain it in English at the same time.
I do think in Japanese, and translate it into English.
So, I can't respond quickly in English about a theme which I've never think about.
I've read books about how to study English before.
Those said, "Think in English! Don't think in Japanese."
I agree with that.
Because if I can think in English, I can respond quickly, I think.
But what should I do? How to study?

So, I think about it.
I'd better build my opinion about anything what I met.
So, I can respond quickly than before.
Because I don't have to translate it.
I don't have to build my opinion and say it in English at the same time.
If I do that, I can improve my vocabularies and experiences with many situations, I think.

I'll try that from now on.

And I asked my friend to give some advice.
He said, "Don't think it so seriously. Use common words to say what you think".
Exactly. I agree with that definitely.
I was nervous and irritated with that I couldn't say what I think.
I'll take it easy.
Even if I can't say what I think smoothly, I can't be hurt or died.
Rather than I can't say what I think, I just didn't want to be seemed idiot.
But, Cathy never makes fun of me about that I can't speak English well,
because she is my English teacher and she knows that I can't speak English well, of course.

I'll focus to say anything about what I think without appropriate words.
When I can't tell what I think well,
I'll use common words even if I speak in a roundabout way. 
