+++
title =  "2019-12-02: Homework"
date = 2019-12-02T12:00:00+09:00
+++

# Homework: talk about that I was invited last time.
I was invited for going to a gyoza restaurant in Kameari Tokyo by my friend.
Her plan was that we were meeting at 11:30 on Saturday,
and going to visit around Kameari and go to the gyoza restaurant.
Kameari is famous for Japanese comics,
"This is the Police Station in Front of Kameari Park in Katsushika Ward".
We decided to go to the gyoza restaurant and a bakery.
The bakery, "Yoshida bread" is famous for tasty sandwiches,
and people is always waiting in line.

- - -
# Unit-6: Managing life
## Lesson B: Building vocabulary and grammar
### 2. Grammar: what's advisable, necessary, preferable

* 1.A: We have a test tomorrow, so I ought to <u>study</u> tonight, but  I'd rather <u>play</u>.
* 1.B: You know, I think you'd better <u>study hard</u> because <u>you almost fail the class</u>.

* 2.A: I don't know what to do. I received an offer for a job. It looks really interesting, but it doesn't pay very well. I'm going to have to make up my mind if want to <u>get the job</u>.
* 2.B: That's a hard decision to make. You might want <u>think what you really want to do</u>.

* 3.A: I need more exercise. I ought to make an effort to <u>exercise</u> every day, but it takes so much time.
* 3.B: Well, you don't have to <u>exercise every day</u>, but you ought to <u>exercise a few times a week</u>.

* 4.A: I have a friend who makes fun of me all the time, but I'd rather not <u>be laughed</u>.
* 4.B: That's not good. I think you're going to have to <u>tell your friend not to do that</u>.

* 5.A: My sister hasn't applied to college. She's got to <u>apply</u> if she want to <u>enter the college</u>.
* 5.B: She'd better decide soon because <u>the deadline is coming soon</u> she's go to <u>make up her mind</u>.

- - -
### 3. Speaking naturally: Reduction of verbs

#### You might want to try a new instructor.
In the situation that I don't fit the instructor.

#### You'd better study the driver's manual.
In the situation that I don't get a score on driver's tests.

#### You're going to have to practice more.
In the situation that I missed driving.

#### You ought to take more lessons.
In the situation that I don't have enough experience.

#### You've got to pay attention!
In the situation that I missed a traffic sign.

- - -
### 4. Talk about it: What's your advice?

#### 1. You're tired and don't feel like going to a friend's party, but you know you ought to go.
* You don't have to go to the party, because your friend will forgive you not to come.
* You'd better get some sleep at home.
* If you'd rather go to the party, you ought to take a medicine and leave the party early.
#### 2. You have time to do some regular volunteer work on the weekend or take a part-time job.
* You might want to decide if you do some volunteer work or take a part-time job, depending on what you want.
* You want some money, you'd better take a part-time job.
* You want some happiness, you ought to do some volunteer work.
#### 3. You had an interview for a job you really want, but it didn't go well.
* You'd better never mind, because the job might not fit for you.
* You've got to look for another job such like that.
* If you'd rather not give up, you ought to apply to the job again.
