+++
title =  "2019-11-08: Homework"
date = 2019-11-08T18:00:00+09:00
+++

# Unit-5: Food choices
## Lesson C: Whatever you're having
## 3. Listening and strategies: That sounds good.
## A. Listen to four conversations about food and drink.
### 4. drink
* Ms: Wow, it's really hot today.
* Mr: It sure is. Let's make some iced tea, or we could make iced coffee.
* Ms: Oh, that sounds good.
* Mr: OK, well. Which would you like, or make some now?
### 2. full
* Mr: Wow, I'm really full. That was a great meal. Thank you.
* Ms: There are a few potatoes left and a few pieces of meat. Are you sure? Don't want some more?
* Mr: No, thanks. Really. I've had enough.
* Ms: You're not full for dessert, right? I made a cake.
### 3. restaurant
* Ms: Do you want to go out for dinner? I don't really want to cook tonight. I'm too tired.
* Mr: OK. Sure. Where should we go?
* Ms: Well, there are a couple of new places.
We could try the new Italian restaurant, or the Chinese place. That's always good.
### 1. dessert
* Ms: Are you having dessert?
* Mr: No thanks. I'm too full. But, you go ahead.
* Ms: Well, I think I'd like something. Do you want to share one?
* Mr: Humm.. Well. The chocolate cake looks good,
and so is the apple pie and ice cream, and is the fresh fruit.

## B. Choose an appropriate response to the last thing you hear.
* a. Actually, they all look really good. What ever you prefer. <u>1:dessert</u>
* b. Either one is fine. Whatever you're having. <u>4:drink</u>
* c. I could go either way. You choose. <u>3:restaurant</u>
* d. Oh, no, thanks. I'm fine. Maybe later. <u>2:full</u>

## C. Choose one of the picture and role-play a conversation

...

- - -
## Lesson D: The world's favorite snacks
## 1. Reading
### A. How many different snacks can you think of? Which ones are popular in your country? Make a class list.
* Potato chips
* Fried chickens
* Steamed buns with meat filling
  - a variety of fillings: curry flavored spicy meat, sweet beans, pizza sauce
* Croquettes
* Rice balls
* Rice crackers
* Warabi-mochi(bracken-root mochi)
* Kuzu-mochi(arrowroot mochi)
* Gohei-mochi(made from uruchi rice)
* Oyaki, Takoyaki, Ikayaki
* Mochi sweets
  - Akafuku mochi, Matsukasa mochi, Naga mochi
### B. Read the article. Which snacks have you heard of? Have you tried any of them?
#### Baos
I have never heard of it.
But It's like Buta-man.
#### Mochi ice cream
Of course, I have eaten it, since I was a child.
Yukimi-Daihuku is the most famous mochi ice cream in Japan.
#### Dolma
No, I have not heard of it.
#### Flavored popcorn
Yes, I have tried it, when I watch a movie in a theatre.
I don't like popcorn very much, because it takes away moisture from the mouth.
On the other hand, my wife loves popcorn, especially cheese and caramel flavored one.
#### Empanadas
I have never heard of it.
