+++
title =  "2019-07-04: Embedded AI"
date = 2019-07-04T22:00:00+09:00
tags = ["english"]
description = "It's my new job and I'm very excited."
+++
Today, my boss make a proposal me about my new job.
I'm very interested in it.
It's about embedded AI.
There's been a lot of talk about AI in every industry these days.
If I do the work, it will improve my technical ability and
lead to the next new and interesting work.
The person in charge will explain the detail of the proposal to me next week.
Whatever the content, I will accept this proposal.
I'm very excited.

- - -
The following is my homework by tomorrow.

# Unit 2. Experiences
## Lesson A Hopes and dreams

### 1. Getting Started
#### B. Listen. What is each person's secret dream ? Do you have any secret dreams like these ?
##### Jill Richardson
Her secret dream is to study acting.
##### Sonia and Carlos Silva
Their secret dream is to buy their own sailboat.
##### Raquel Garza
Her secret dream is to go surfing.
##### Hiro Tanaka
His secret dream is to take his parents to Europe.

##### My dream
My secret dream is to work and live broad.
I want to experience other cultures, various landscapes, and delicious local dishes.

#### C. How do the people above express these ideas? Find what they say and underline the verbs.
1. Jill: I always <u>wanted to be</u> an actor as a child. I <u>want to be</u> an actor now.
2. Sonia: We <u>didn't save</u> enough money last year. We <u>don't have</u> enough money now.
3. Raquel: My brother even <u>surfed</u> in Hawai'i - exactly when <u>isn't</u> important.
4. Hiro: In the past, I <u>went</u> to Europe many times.
