+++
title =  "2019-07-05: homework"
date = 2019-07-05T16:08:28+09:00
description = "Unit 2. Experiences page.12-13"
+++

# Unit 2. Experiences
## Lesson A Hopes and dreams

### 1. Getting Started
#### B. Listen. What is each person's secret dream ? Do you have any secret dreams like these ?
##### Jill Richardson
Her secret dream is to study acting.
##### Sonia and Carlos Silva
Their secret dream is to buy their own sailboat.
##### Raquel Garza
Her secret dream is to go surfing.
##### Hiro Tanaka
His secret dream is to take his parents to Europe.

##### My dream
My secret dream is to work and live broad.
I want to experience other cultures, various landscapes, and delicious local dishes.

#### C. How do the people above express these ideas? Find what they say and underline the verbs.
1. Jill: I always <u>wanted to be</u> an actor as a child. I <u>want to be</u> an actor now.
  - <u>I've always wanted to be</u> an actor.
2. Sonia: We <u>didn't save</u> enough money last year. We <u>don't have</u> enough money now.
  - But we <u>haven't saved</u> enough money.
3. Raquel: My brother even <u>surfed</u> in Hawai'i - exactly when isn't important.
  - <u>He's even surfed</u> in Hawai'i.
4. Hiro: In the past, I <u>went</u> to Europe many times.
  - <u>I've been</u> there many times.

### 2. Grammar
#### A.1.
- A. I<u>'ve always wanted</u> to try rock climbing.
- B. Really? Not me. I <u>'ve never wanted</u> to do it.
I <u>have always been</u> afraid of heights.

#### A.2.
- A. I <u>haven't seen</u> the Grand Canyon. I really want to go there someday.
- B. Me too. My friend <u>has been</u> there. She had an amazing time.

#### A.3.
- A. I <u>have gone</u> surfing three or four times. It's exciting.
- B. Year? I <u>haven't tryied</u> it before. I <u>have never done</u> any water sports.

#### A.4.
- A. My dream is to be a tennis player. I <u>have had</u> a lot of training,
and I <u>have played</u> with some professional tennis players.
- B. No way! I love tennis. I <u>have always wanted</u> to meet Andy Murray.

#### A.5.
- A. We <u>haven't traveled</u> much, but we want to go to Bogota.
- B. Me too. My cousin lives there. He <u>has invited</u> me to visit several times,
but I <u>haven't saved</u> enough money to go.

#### B. Start conversations like the ones above using your own ideas.
* I've always wanted to visit UK again since my last trip.
I stayed in UK for about 2 weeks last time, but I moved too much.
I want to stay in one place for about 10 days next time.

* I haven't seen glaciers and auroras. I want to see them someday.

### 3. Talk about it: What are your secret dreams?

Talk about these things. Why haven't you done them? What has stopped you?

##### something you've always wanted to buy
I've always wanted to buy a new laptop, thinkpad X1 carbon.
It's expensive, so I always hesitate to buy it.
It has a trackpoint, which is a cursor control device,
so I don't have to move my hands, just move my finger.

##### a place that you've never been to but would like to visit
I've wanted to visit Iceland since I saw it on the website.
Iceland has glaciers, volcanoes and auroras, great nature.
I can't go there right now because I spent money and days-off on my honeymoon.

##### something you've always wanted to learn how to do
I've always wanted to learn how to speak and listen English.
I didn't have much work to use English and
I couldn't afford to study English because I was busy at work and private.

But, I saw my brother living happily in America,
and I also enjoyed being abroad on my honeymoon,
so I came to want to live abroad.

##### something else you've always wanted to do
I've always wanted to work abroad.
But I don't have enough English skill to work abroad.
So, I've been attending an English conversation school since this March.
