+++
title =  "2019-06-24: It's raining today again"
date = 2019-06-24T18:00:00+09:00
tags = ["english"]
featured_image = "images/2019-06-24-beetle.jpeg"
description = "I hate high humidity"
+++
It's raining today again.

Last night, May beetle was sticking to my cloth that was hanging out.

Summer is coming.

- - -
The followings is my homework by next Wednesday.

I couldn't hear some of what they said.
I should ask my teacher about them.

## page.9: Lesson-D 2.Listening
Listen to five people talk about themselves.
Match the people and the things they will probably say next.

##### 1. Ana
I started lessons when I was in elementary school.
I had practiced everyday.
My parents were incredibly strict about that.
But at least I didn't pressure me about anything else.
I guess they thought I was pretty talented.
I mean everyone said I had beautiful voice.
So, yeah, now I'm in a local choir and we perform in competitions.
And sometimes, I perform at wedding and things.
I guess ...

##### 2. Kevin: I speak two languages (English and Japanese) fluently
It's extremely useful, I think.
I mean **??we'll new??** go for a job, it's a good skill to say you have.
I was incredibly lucky, though.
Because my mom's from Japan.
So, she spoke to me all the time in Japanese, when I was little.
So, that helped a lot.
And I think I have a pretty good ear.
I find it's not difficult at all to learn new words.
I mean I can pick up vocabulary pretty easily.
So, yeah, I want to learn Mandarin Chinese.
But, for now, I can say ...

##### 3. Jen: I'm extremely allergic to nuts.
Well, it's started when I was just a little kid.
My parents gave me some to eat, and I got really sick.
At first we didn't know why, but now I know why
**it can't automatically just have a cookie or anything.**
Like I'm always asking "what's in it" or "what's made from" especially at restaurant.
But at least I know what problem is.
So, yeah, ...

##### 4. Patrick: I can play two instruments(Tin whistle??, flute) really well.
I fell in love with it, when I was really young.
My Dad was always taking me to hear Irish music,
and I thought it absolutely wonderful.
And on my birthday, he knew exactly what I want, and he got it for me.
Of course, it took for a while to learn to play it properly.
It's incredibly difficult.
But after couple of years of lessons, I got pretty good at it.
That later on, I got flute, too.
So, now ...

##### 5. Tom: I'm a pretty good cook.
I like all kinds, Mexican, French, Chinese.
I'm always trying out new things.
Like last week, I've ate spicy Vietnamese, absolutely fantastic.
I mean I'm not professional or anything, but I'm fairly good at it.
Sometimes I have friends over for dinner, and they think it's really amazing.
Some of them didn't know about my hobby before.
They're amazed. So, yeah ...

- - -

## page.9: Lesson-D 3.Writing and speaking

#### A. Write a profile about yourself.

##### 1. Where are you based ?
In Fujisawa-City, Kanagawa.

I was born and raised in Ise-City, Mie.
At the age of 18, I went to university in Osaka.
After several transfers, I came to Fujisawa.

##### 2. What's your job ?
I'm a software engineer.
I work for a big company called *hogehoge*.

I moved several times because Panasonic has a number of bases in Japan.
Whenever my work changed, my base changed.

##### 3. What are your future plans ?
I want to travel around the world and work abroad.
I want to experience other cultures, various landscapes, and delicious local dishes.

Of course, I want to surf at Siargao Island.
But at least I should improve my surfing skill very much.

##### 4. What do you do in your free time ?
I like surfing and camping.

When I was in Fukuoka, Kyushu, I often went to Hyuga, Miyazaki to camp and surf.
Hyuga has the best campsite to surf.
The campsite was very clean, close to the sea, and close to markets.

And now, in Kanagawa, I've been to some good campsites near Mt.Fuji.
Those campsites have beautiful lawn and great views.
But I haven't been able to find good campsites to surf.

##### 5. What's something people don't know about you ?
When I was in elementary school and junior high school,
I belonged to the scout association; it's known as Boy Scouts.
So, I love outdoor activities: camping, surfing, and ... zipline.
