+++
title =  "2019-12-13: Touchstone-3 Unit-6 Lesson.D"
date = 2019-12-13T18:00:00+09:00
tags = ["Touchstone-3", "private life", "summarize"]
+++

# Touchstone-3 Unit-6: Managing life
## Lesson D: Less is more

### 1. Reading

#### A. Do you ever multitask? What kinds of things do you do at the same time? Is multitasking a good thing to do?

About 20 years ago, when I was at network operation team in the previous company,
I sometimes did multitask.

When I was in a network trouble, I've done multitask.
It was calling customer, solving the problems, writing the report,
asking my colleague to help me by a chat tool,
and explaining that to my boss at the same time.

Multitasking isn't a good thing, I think.
But rarely, I've got to do that.
You'd better not do multitask.

#### B. Read the blog. What does it say about multitasking? Summarize the blog.

* Multitasking: An effective solution?
  - Multitasking has become a normal feature of our busy days.
  - Multitasking can lead to a 40 percent drop in productivity.
* An Alternative Approach
  - He made en effort not to multitask.
  - He finishes one job before he goes on to another.
  - First, He made great progress on challenging projects.
  - Second, His stress levels dropped dramatically.
* A Cure for Multitaskers
  - First, get rid of interruptions.
  - Second, set yourself a tight deadline.
* The most important claim
  - If you make up your mind to avoid distractions and concentrate on one job at time,
  - you really can achieve more.

##### Summarize

Multitasking has become a normal feature of our busy days,
but Multitasking is not productive.
You should do Single-tasking.
Single-tasking allows you to make progress and lower stress levels.
To do the single-tasking,
you should get rid of interruptions and set yourself a tight deadline.
If you do the single-tasking, you can achieve more.

- - -
# Questions
* The difference between single-tasking and multitasking.

- - -
# In my case
We use a issue board which has todo list, doing list, finished list.

At the beginning of week, we decide roughly what we should do this week.
And then we divide those into several items.
We write down each items into postits.
We write deadline, details, estimate time to finish about each items.
The estimate time should be up to 4 hours.
If it's over 4 hours, you should break it down.
We put those postits on the todo list.

Every morning you pick up some tasks from the todo list, and you get to work.
When you finish your task, you write actual time to finish on the postit,
and you put it on the finish list.

At the end of week, you confirm your finished postits
and the difference between estimate time and actual time.
If the difference is large, your estimate is too optimistic. 
You can see, you can fix it.

This method has two good points.
Firstly, you can do single-tasking,
Secondly, you can help your colleagues and you can be helped by your colleagues.
Because you make clear what you should do and what you're doing.

