+++
title =  "2019-11-14: Homework"
date = 2019-11-14T18:00:00+09:00
+++

## Lesson D: The world's favorite snacks
## 1. Reading
### A. How many different snacks can you think of? Which ones are popular in your country? Make a class list.
* Potato chips
  - Calbee, Koike-ya
* Fried chickens
  - Fami-Chicken(Family-mart), Nana-Chicken(Seven-Eleven), L-Chicken(Lawson), KFC
* Steamed buns with filling
  - a variety of fillings: curry flavored spicy meat, sweet beans, pizza sauce
* Croquettes
* Rice balls
* Rice crackers
* Warabi-mochi(bracken-root mochi)
* Kuzu-mochi(arrowroot mochi)
* Gohei-mochi(made from uruchi rice)
  - Gohei-mochi is rice cake with walnut miso.
  - It's a popular snack in Gifu-pref, and Nagano-pref.
* Oyaki
  - Oyaki is a stuffed dumpling.
  - It's made from wheat flour and buckwheat flour, and stuffed with a variety of fillings.
  - The fillings are generally made from vegetables such as seasonal vegetables, beans, or pickles.
  - I like oyaki, especially with aubergine or nozawana(turnip leaf).
* Takoyaki
  - Gin-Dako is the most famous Takoyaki chain shop. They use lots of oil, so the texture is crispy. 
  - But, Takoyaki in Osaka is thick and smooth.
  - I prefer Osaka's Takoyaki to Gin-Dako.
* Ikayaki
  - In Kanto region, Ikayaki means grilled whole squid.
  - But, in Kansai region, Ikayaki is like Okonomi-yaki.
  - It made from wheat flour, Japanese soup stock, eggs, and cuttlefish.
  - It's heated between two iron plates.
* Mochi sweets
  - Akafuku mochi, Matsukasa mochi, Naga mochi, etc.
  - There is Mochi road around Ise Jingu.

### B. Read the article. Which snacks have you heard of? Have you tried any of them?
#### Baos
I have never heard of it.
But It's like Buta-man.
#### Mochi ice cream
Of course, I have eaten it, since I was a child.
Yukimi-Daihuku is the most famous mochi ice cream in Japan.
#### Dolma
No, I have not heard of it.
#### Flavored popcorn
Yes, I have tried it, when I watch a movie in a theatre.
I don't like popcorn very much, because it takes away moisture from the mouth.
On the other hand, my wife loves popcorn, especially cheese and caramel flavored one.
#### Empanadas
I watched it in a TV show, "Somebody feed Phil."
He said that the best way to eat Empanadas is to shake it first and then spread the juice inside.
