+++
title =  "2019-10-07: Homework"
date = 2019-10-07T18:00:00+09:00
+++

# Unit 4: Family life
## Lesson C: If you ask me, ...

## 3. Strategies: In my opinion

## A.

### 1.
I don't agree with that.
You should get married when you want to.

### 2.
I'm not sure if you'd better to have lots of friends.
You should do what you want.

### 3.
I'm not sure if it's right.

### 4.
I partly agree with it.

## B.

### divorce and children

I suppose that divorce can be terrible for kids.
But keeping married must be terrible for the parents
who don't love each other anymore.
In my opinion, marriage is for the parents, not for their kids.
So it's not good for parents to keep married just for their kids.
Plus, maybe also kids don't want to see their parents who don't love each other.
In conclusion, divorce can make them all happy sometimes, I think.

### spending time with family

You should spend time with your family if you love your family, I think.
In my opinion, not blood, spending time together promotes family ties.
As I see it, your work, your neighbour and your almost friends are not forever.
Finally, only family love is eternal.

### studying all night for tests

I would say that it's really bad to study all night for tests.
The reason for this is that you can't remember what you learnt
if you don't sleep, according to the brain study.
Plus, in my experience, you would fail tests due to lack of concentration
if you don't sleep.

### taking work home

In my experience, taking work home makes you unhappy.
I would say that if you work at night or on the weekend,
you would be exhausted and couldn't work enough on weekdays. 
As a result, you will not be able to work efficiently.
That's overly stressful.
To sum up, if you get rest enough, you would be happy.

### teens having jobs

It seems to me that teens having jobs is good for them.
Because they can understand that it's difficult to earn money.
Of course, they should not spend too much time on work.
As everyone knows that a student's duty is to study.

### the best age to get married

I feel that you should get married when you want to.
Everyone knows that late marriage and low birth rate are national problems in Japan.
However, you don't have to worry about national problems.
In my opinion, it's up to individual liberty to
decide whether or not to marry and when to get married.

