+++
title =  "2019-11-28: Homework"
date = 2019-11-28T12:00:00+09:00
+++
# At the last lesson
At the last lesson, I learned collocations related with food,
and that long adjective use superlative to represent the opposite meaning,
for example, the opposite of "most favorite" is "least favorite".
And I learned that the type of banana I usually eat is Cavendish,
which has a normal sweetness among bananas.

- - -
# Unit-6: Managing life
# Before you begin ...
How good are you at managing your life?

#### Are you good at keeping your house neat and organized?
No, I'm not good at keeping my house neat and organized.
But, my wife is good at that.

#### Are you good at organizing your social life?
Yes, I'm good at organizing my social life, I think.
I'm introverted, and I don't have many friends.
I value my few friends. It's good for me.

#### Are you good at dealing with problems at work or school?
Yes, I'm good at dealing with problems at work and school.
When I was a student, I had good relationships with my classmates.
And I have never had tough problems at work.

- - -
## Lesson A: Making plans
### 1. Getting started
#### A. What kinds of plans do you make in advance? at the last minute?
* in advance
  - travel, honeymoon
  - drinking with my friends
* at the last minute
  - going to a bookstore
  - going to a library
  - going to surfing
#### B. When do the decided to meet? Can you guess what they're going to do?
I think they decided to meet at 7:30, because she said that.
I guess that they're going to go a restaurant for dinner,
because 7:30 is dinner time.
I guess She's on her way home from work, so I think she hasn't had dinner yet.
And she said that she'll call for a reservation.
I guess she will reserve a table.

#### C. Complete the sentences. How does Stacy tell Brandon about these things?
1. Her plans with Anna tomorrow night: "We <u>are going to have dinner</u> together."
2. Not meeting the work deadline on Friday: "We <u>won't be finished</u> on time"
3. Not having plans tonight: "I <u>am not doing</u> anything."
4. Why she can't meet tomorrow: "I <u>have my kickboxing</u> class."

#### Questions
* I <u>have</u> my kickboxing class. The <u>have</u> means get a lesson, I think.
  - Alright then, if she is a teacher of the class, how does she say?
* I'll come <u>right</u> over to meet you. What does the <u>right</u> mean?
  - I'll coming straight to meet you? Or soon?

- - -

### 2. Grammar: Talking about the future
#### A. Complete the conversations with appropriate ways to talk about the future, using the words given. There may be more than on possible answer. Then practice with a partner.

##### 1.
* A. So, what <u>are</u> you <u>doing</u> after class tomorrow?
* B. Well, actually, I <u>am taking</u> the afternoon off tomorrow.
  - I <u>am going to have</u> lunch with my sister.
  - So yeah, I <u>won't work</u> in the afternoon.
* A. That sounds nice. Where <u>are</u> you <u>going to have</u> lunch?
* B. I'm not sure. Do you want to meet us? I'm sure my sister <u>won't mind</u>.
* A. OK. Sure. I <u>will text</u> you tomorrow when I get out of class.

##### 2.
* A. I <u>am going to have</u> a party at my place Friday night. Can you come? 
* B. Actually, I <u>have</u> basketball practice at 7:00 on Friday.
  - It <u>won't be finished</u> until 9:00. Is that too late?
* A. No, not at all. My guess is that most people <u>won't arrive</u> until after 9:00 anyway.
* B. OK, great. So I <u>will come</u> over right after practice.
  - It <u>will be</u> around 9:30.

##### 3.
* A. So <u>are</u> you <u>going away</u> this weekend?
* B. Actually, we <u>are going</u> on a boat trip on the lake on Saturday.
  - The weather report says it <u>won't be</u> too windy.
  - So yeah, it <u>will be</u> fun, I think.
* A. That sounds great. I've never done that.
* B. You're kidding. Why don't you come with us?
  - The boat <u>leaves</u> at 9:00.
  - I <u>will call</u> my brother and ask him to get you a ticket.

#### Questions
* "my place" means my home? Or my workplace?

- - -

### 3. Listening and speaking: Fun invitations

#### A. Complete the chart. Which invitation sounds the most interesting to you?
##### Anton

###### Chart
* What's the invitation for?
  - a concert
* What day? What time?
  - <u>Friday. At 7:00.</u>
* What are his/her plans then?
  - <u>They are meeting at 6:45 pm at Plaza.</u>
* What does he/she decided to do?
  - <u>He decided to leave his meeting early and go to the concert.</u>

###### Conversations
* Woman: Hey Anton! I was just looking for you.
* Anton: Were you? What's up?
* Woman: Yeah. I have a couple of tickets to see a concert on Friday. Do you want to come?
* Anton: Sure. I'll come. That would be great. Thanks. So, what time does it start?
* Woman: Let see. Where are the tickets? Oh, here they are.
  - It starts at 7:00 o'clock.
  - At plaza. It's a local band, Control Axe.
  - Have you heard of them?
* Anton: No, are they good?
* Woman: I hope so. But they're free tickets, so it's OK if they're or not.
  - Anyway, Isabella and Jake are coming, too
  - We're meeting right after work and going straight to the concert.
* Anton: And you said it starts at 7:00?
  - I won't get out of my meeting yet working till 7:00.
* Woman: Oh, no.
* Anton: You know. I'm just leaving the meeting early and I'll meet you at Plaza.
* Woman: OK. Be there around at 6:45 pm. Listen, I've got to get a class. See you Friday!

##### Clareta

###### Chart
* What's the invitation for?
  - <u>Ice skating</u>
* What day? What time?
  - <u>Tonight, at 9:00</u>
* What are his/her plans then?
  - <u>His plans is checking out new mall and going ice skating from 9:00 to 10:00.</u>
* What does he/she decided to do?
  - <u>She decided not to go ice skating, because she's working early tomorrow morning.</u>

###### Conversations
* Man: Hey, Clareta.
  - We're planing to going check out the new mall tonight and go ice skating.
  - They have a huge rink there.
  - Do you want to come?
* Clareta: Ice Skating?
* Man: Yeah!
  - The rink doesn't close until ten.
  - So we have plan new time.
* Clareta: So, what time are you going?
* Man: Well, we won't get out the class until 8:30, so I guess around 9:00.
* Clareta: Ice Skating? at nine? Really?
* Man: Sure, it would be fun.
* Clareta: Well, I'm not sure. It's a little late for me.
  - And I'm working early tomorrow morning.
  - And I really need to do ???laundry and ??? staff.
* Man: Oh, common!
  - You can do ???laundry??? anytime.
* Clareta: Yeah, I guess. But I think I would pass.
  - I'm pretty tired and anyway I'm going to see stuff on Saturday.
  - We're going to go the mall then, so....
* Man: OK. Well, maybe next time?

##### Callie
###### Chart
* What's the invitation for?
  - <u>food festival</u>
* What day? What time?
  - <u>Saturday, at 2 o'clock</u>
* What are his/her plans then?
  - <u>He's going to the food festival on Saturday and see cooking demonstrations and things.</u>
* What does he/she decided to do?
  - <u>She decided not to go, because she has to go to the airport to get her cousin at one.</u>


###### Conversations
* Men: Do you have any plans for this weekend, Callie?
* Callie: Nothing special. How about you?
* Men: Actually, I'm going to go to the food festival on Saturday.
  - They're going to have cooking demonstrations and things.
  - And one of my favorite food writers would be there talking about the new book.
  - So...
* Callie: Oh, that sounds fun. Who is it?
* Men: Oh, He is a friend chef. He has a show on TV.
* Callie: Huh, Nice! I have to say I don't do much cooking. I like eating, though.
* Men: Well, he's opening a restaurant here. We have to try.
* Callie: Oh! Sure.
  - So what time is the festival? I like to go.
* Men: Well, His talk starts at two o'clock.
* Callie: Oh, no. That's too bad.
  - I have to drive to the airport to get my cousin at one.
  - I don't think I will be back by then.
* Men: Oh, well. No problem.
* Callie: But thanks for asking.
  - Let's go to the restaurant sometime, though. OK?


#### B. Invite your partner to do something with you on a specific day, and tell your parner your plans for that day, and make a decision about what to do.

##### Inviting
1. I'm planning to visit Sapporo next February.
  - Sapporo Snow Festival is held from February 4 to 11.
  - Do you want to come?
2. It's one of the most popular winter events in Japan.
  - You can enjoy a wealth of attractions such as huge snow sculptures, a skating rink, a snow slider, and Hokkaido speciality foods.
3. Actually, I haven't decided yet from when to when.
  - But I will visit the 8th of February and back at the 10th.
  - I will take day-off at the 10th of February.
4. Oh, I'm sorry that you can't come with us.

##### Making a decision
1. I've never heard of Sapporo Snow Festival? What is it?
2. That sounds nice! When are you going to visit Sapporo and back?
3. Hum.. I'm not sure. I work weekends, so I guess I can't take three-days-off.
4. Me, too. But thanks for asking.
  - Maybe I will visit there weekdays of my days-off.

### Questions
Use the simple present for <u>schedules</u>.
It means regular events? Or It means that someone except me decided when it starts?

- - -
## Lesson B: Building vocabulary and grammar
### 1. Building vocabulary and grammar
#### A. Read the posts and replies on the website. Complete the expressions with the correct form of do or make. Then listen and check.

##### Q1
Sometimes I think I ought to <u>do</u> some volunteer work in a school or a hospital, but I'm too busy just trying to <u>make</u> a living. I have very little free time, so I think I'd better not add anything to my schedule right now. Am I right?

###### Coach
Don't <u>make</u> excuses. You don't have to spend all your free time doing volunteer work - three hours a week is enough. <u>Do</u> some research, and find an organization where you feel you can <u>make</u> a difference and <u>do</u> some good for other people.

##### Q2
My boss is a bully. He yells at me if I <u>make</u> a mistake, and he <u>makes</u> fun of me in front of my co-workers. I've tried talking to him, but it doesn't <u>~~make~~ do </u> any good. He won't listen.
I guess I'm going to have to <u>do</u> something about this problem, but what?

###### Coach
It doesn't <u>make</u> any sense to ignore this problem, and you'd better do something quickly before it gets worse. <u>Make</u> an appointment with your Human Resources representative. You might want to take a colleague with you, too.  

##### Q3
I'm meeting my girlfriend's parents for the first time next weekend. They've invited me for dinner. I'm going to <u>do</u> my best to <u>make</u> a good expression on them, but I'm really nervous. Any advice?

###### Coach
<u>Make</u> an effort to dress nicely, and <u>make</u> sure you take them a small gift, such as flowers or chocolates. <u>Make</u> some nice comments about their home, the food, etc., but don't overdo it. You ought to let them <u>do</u> the talking at first. The most important thing, however, is just to be yourself.

##### Q4
My boss recently offered me a promotion. I've <u>done</u> a lot of thinking about it, but I can't <u>make</u> up my mind if I should take it. Sometimes I think I'd rather stay in my current job. I've got to decide by next week. What I should I do?

###### Coach
<u>Make</u> a list of the pros and cons of each job, and give each one a score form 1 to 5(5 = the best). Then <u>do</u> the math - add up the points for each list, and subtract the con totals from the pro totals. Which job has the highest score? Does that help you <u>make</u> a decision?

#### B. Make word webs like these for do and make. Add other expressions you know. Then discuss the life coach's advice with a partner. Do you agree? What advice can you add?

I don't agree with any comments, basically.
Because every life is different.
So, there is no coach for life, I think.

* Q1: No, I don't agree with that.
  - She doesn't have to do any volunteer work.
  - Only people who have free time and money should do it.
  - I'll advice her that she only has to think about making her life better now.
* Q2: Yes, I agree with that totally.
  - I'll advice him that he should record his boss's voice.
* Q3: Yes, I agree with that, but partially.
  - He should dress smart and tidy, and take them a small gift.
  - But, He doesn't have to do any nice comments about home, the food, etc.
  - He only has to show respect to his girlfriend and her parents.
* Q4: Yes, I agree with that, but partially.
  - It's nice to make a list of the pros and cons.
  - But before doing so, he needs to clarify the goal and priorities of his life.
  - That means setting evaluation criteria for his life.

##### do
- do some volunteer work 
- do some research
- do some good, do any good, do something
- do my best
- do the talking
- done a lot of thinking
- do the math

##### make
- make a living
- make excuses
- make a difference
- make a mistake 
- make fun of
- make any sense
- make an appointment
- make a good expression
- make en effort
- make sure
- make some nice comments
- make up my mind
- make a list
- make a decision

#### C. Find expression on the website with the same meanings as the underlined words below.
1. I <u>should</u> do some volunteer work.
  - ought to
2. You <u>really should</u> do something quickly.
  - would better
3. I <u>have to</u> make a decision soon.
  - have got to
4. I<u>'d prefer</u> to stay in the same job.
  - would rather
