+++
title =  "2019-12-05: Homework"
date = 2019-12-05T16:00:00+09:00
+++

# Unit-6: Managing life
## Lesson C: I've got to get going.
### 1. Conversation strategy: Ending phone conversations

#### A. When was the last time you were running late? Why?
It was two months ago.
I was running late to go back home.
Because I was sometimes running from the station next to the nearest one from home.

#### B. Listen. Why can't Ling talk longer on the phone?
She's late for a seminar.

#### D. Think of a new excuse, and use a different expression to end the conversation each time.
* Hi, <u>(name)</u>. Is this a good time to talk?

* Not really. I'm just cooking dinner.
  - Can I call you back?
* No, it's not. I'm in a toilet.
  - I'll call you later.
* Not, really. I'm on the train.
  - I'll call you back.
* No, it's really not. I'm driving on my way home.
  - I'll call you back when I come back home.

- - -
### 2. Strategy plus: Friendly good-byes
#### 1.
* A: Hi, it's me. Are you on your way?
* B: Yeah, I'll be there in about half an hour.
* A: All right. <u>See you soon.</u>

#### 2.
* A. Well, my appointment is at 2:00, so <u>I better go.</u>
* B. OK. <u>Talk to you soon.</u>
* A. Yeah. <u>Got to go. See you later.</u>

#### 3.
* A. OK, well, <u>I better let you go.</u>
* B. Yeah. <u>Nice talking to you.</u>
* A. Yeah. Take care. Bye

#### 4.
* A. Listen, my train's coming. <u>Catch you later.</u>
* B. Yeah. <u>See you tomorrow.</u> Bye.

- - -
### 3.
#### Plans for the weekend
* A. Hello? This is me. Is this a good time to talk?
* B. Not, really. I'm in a hurry.
* A. What are you going to do this weekend?
* B. I have no plan. Got to go. Bye now.
#### How your week is going
* A. Hi, it's me. How's it going?
* B. Not bad. But, I'm busy now. I'll call you later.
* A. I'm busy this week, too. What are you busy with?
* B. Everything. Bye.
#### Something you're looking forward to
* A. Hi, its' me. How's your travel plan going?
* B. Nice. I got to call a travel agency. Call you later.
* A. OK. Well, where are you going to visit?
* B. Sapporo. Got to hang up now. Talk to you later.
#### Something you want to borrow
* A. Hi, it's me. I've heard of that you want to borrow a book of the novelist.
* B. Yeah. I'm going to have to go borrowing the book at a library.
* A. You can borrow it from me if you wish, I have the book now.
* B. Really? But, No, thank you. I made the reservation. Got to go. Bye.
#### Some exciting news
* A. Hi, it's me. Have you already heard of the news?
* B. Hi. No, I don't think I have. I'm going to have to go out now.
* A. It's really exciting, and amazing.
* B. Really? But, it doesn't matter for me, probably. Bye.
#### Something you're busy with
* A. Hi, it's me. Are you busy now?
* B. Yeah. I'm busy to die. I better go. Got to hang up.
* A. You'd better to listen to me. I can help what you're busy with.
* B. I'm OK. But, thanks. Got to go now. Bye.
