+++
title =  "2019-06-21: work from home"
date = 2019-06-21T18:00:00+09:00
tags = ["english"]
featured_image = ""
description = "I worked from home."
+++
I worked from home today.
Working from home is a lot easier as I don't have to commute.
Because it takes 1 hour and half to commute.

And more, there is no toilet problem.
In Office, after lunch, almost toilets are always full.
Reforming working style should be started from the toilet.

- - -
And I'm gonna have a English lesson this evening.
The following is today's homework.

### Page.8: Lesson-D 1:Reading

#### A. Think of two questions you would ask a new classmate.
1. What are you hobbies ?  
I would ask a new colleague "what are your hobbies ?".
Because if the person has the same hobby as me,
it may be possible to play with them.

2. What kind of movies do you like ?  
I would ask a new colleague "What kind of movies do you like ?".
Because if the person likes the movie which I know,
we may enjoy talking about the movie.
Moreover, if the person likes the movie which I don't know,
it might be a good opportunity to watch an interesting movie
that I never thought of watching before.

#### B. Read the profiles. Who would you like to meat ? Why ?

I'd like to meat Ms.Mariana.
Because she loves the outdoors, and me too.

I like surfing and camping.
When I was in Fukuoka, Kyushu, I often went to Hyuga, Miyazaki to camp and surf.
Hyuga has the best campsite to surf.
The campsite was very clean, close to the sea, and close to the supermarket.

And now, in Kanagawa, I've been to some good campsites near Mt.Fuji.
But I haven't been able to find good campsites to surf.

#### C. Answer the questions about the students in the profiles. Which student (or students)...

##### enjoys playing music ?
Katya and Armed.
##### is very hard-working ?
Katya 
##### already has a job ?
Mateo and Ahmed
##### is an outdoor type ?
Mariana
##### is very serious ?
Katya
##### wants a creative career ?
Mateo
##### seems like fun ?
Mariana and Mateo

#### D. Find the adjectives on the left in the student profiles, and guess their meaning. Then circle the best options to explain them.
1. experience: have contact with
2. disadvantaged: poor
3. humble: I don't think ...
4. considering: I am thinking about
5. diverse: different
6. introverted: not outgoing at all

- - -
- - -
#### think about my own answers to the questions.

- - - -
#### Questions for Mariana
##### What's your major ?
Computer science.
I want to make something software to make everyone around me happy.

##### Where are you based ?
In Ise. I was born and raised in Ise, Mie-Prefecture.
Ise has the most famous shrine in Japan.
I have been visiting Ise-jingu Shrine since I was a child.

##### Why did you choose your major ?
I wanted to learn how to use a computer.
If I can use it, I thought I could do anything.

##### What skills do you have ?
I can program in several languages: C/C++/Ruby/Python/Lua/Bash and
I can surf a little.

##### What do you do in your free time ?
I like surfing and camping.
When I was in Fukuoka, Kyushu, I often went to Hyuga, Miyazaki to camp and surf.
Hyuga has the best campsites to surf.
And now, in Kanagawa, I've been to some good campsites near Mt.Fuji.
I haven't been able to find good campsites to surf.

- - - -
#### Questions for Mateo
##### Where are you from ?
I was born and raised in Ise, Mie-Prefecture.

##### What do your friends say about you ?
They say that I like to make it clear
whether something is useful or useless, and
I don't feel like doing anything I don't care.
