+++
title =  "2019-05-10: Honeymoon Day25 - Last day"
date = 2019-05-10T12:40:00+09:00
tags = ["honeymoon"]
featured_image = ""
description = "Honeymoon Last Day"
draft = true
+++

# After our honeymoon
I enjoyed my honeymoon very much.
But it was a very busy trip with a lot of moves.
Next time, I'd like to have a relaxing trip with less moves.

# Stayed places at this honeymoon 
We stayed London, Windermere: a.k.a. Lake district,
New Castle: our friend lives there, 
Edinburgh, Isle of Skye and Highlands: we took a bus tour,
Toronto and Niagara Falls in Canada, and Ann Arbor in America.

# Troubles
We have some troubles.

#### Demonstration
In London, Demonstrators for protesting against climate change were organized.
They were arrested for putting a boat in the middle of the road and protesting.  
As a result, the roads were blocked and the London bus didn't run,
so we couldn't go sightseeing very much.  

#### Pickpockets
We went shopping at Harrods, Fortnum & Mason, Liberty, and Marks & Spensor.
And I was targeted twice by pickpockets.
First, he opened my bag to steal my iPad, bu he couldn't.
My iPad was fasten by a strap.
Second, in the back street, a person like a thief was aiming for a bag from behind.
Because I put the bag on my back, I had to hold the bag in front.
My friend in New Castle said,
when she goes to London, she doesn't have a bag,
she puts a wallet or something all in her pocket.  
It was lucky that nothing was stolen.

#### Closure of London's Euston Station
We were going to go to Windermere by train from Euston station.
But, no trains left Euston over the Easter weekend between April 19 and 22,
for maintenance work.
We took the train from King's cross station, but we need to change the bus too.
It took twice as long as usual to get to Windermere.
