+++
title =  "2019-09-25: Homework"
date = 2019-09-25T16:00:00+09:00
+++

# Unit 4: Family life
## Lesson B: Family memories

## 2. Grammar: used to and would

1. My family used to go to <u>the beach</u> in the summer.
We'd go almost every weekend.
2. My mother used to make <u>a lunchbox</u> for us
when I was in a junior high school and high school.
She'd make it every weekday.
3. My brother and I used to play <u>football</u> together,
when I was in an elementary school.
We'd always play until it got dark.
4. My family used to watch <u>Yoshimoto Shinkigeki</u> on TV.
We'd watch it every Saturday noon.
It's really common in Kansai region.
5. I used to see my aunts, uncles and cousins <u>on Obon and Shougatsu</u>.
We'd gather on those days every year.
We'd eat a lot of delicious food and play together.
6. My paternal grandmother used to take me to <u>a public bath</u>.
We'd go almost every time, when I was a child.
I'd be looking forward to going to a public bath,
because we'd drink a bottle of milk coffee and I liked it.
7. My family always used to <u>play crossword puzzles in the newspaper</u> on Sundays.
We'd play almost every Sundays.
The Sunday newspaper had some games like crossword puzzles, mazes and so on.
8. My parents didn't use to <u>go out</u> on weekends.
Because my father would work from early morning till late at night every day, even Saturday.
But we'd go out to eat sushi once a month when I was a child.

## 3. Speaking naturally: used to

1. When I was in a elementary school, I used to play dodge ball every morning before class.
Many students from first grader to sixth grader used to participate in the game.

2. I used to hate mulukhiyah(moloheiya).
My mother was addicted to it for a period of time and
mixed it with various dishes: miso soup, tempura, salad and so on.

3. I used to be afraid of centipedes.
I was bitten by a big centipede when camping in a mountain.
It was so painful and the bites were swollen.

4. When I was a child, we used to go to Kaiten-sushi, conveyor-belt sushi.
I liked watching sushi go around, and of course I liked eating sushi.

5. My brother and I used to fight when both we were little.
I don't remember the reason anymore, but I think it was trivial thing
like not to return toys or take some sweets or something.
