+++
title =  "2019-12-23: Touchstone-3 Unit-6 Lesson.D page.61"
date = 2019-12-23T17:30:00+09:00
tags = ["Touchstone-3", "private life", "preparation"]
+++

# Touchstone-3 Unit-6: Managing life
## Lesson D: Less is more

### 1.C. Replace the underlined words in each question with the correct form of an expression from the blog. Then ask and answer the questions with a partner.

1. Have you ever <u>~~done something to fool~~ played a trick on</u> someone? How did it turn out?
2. What do you do if you're not <u>~~moving forward on~~ making progress on</u> an assignment.
3. Do you often <u>~~have your attention interrupted by~~ get distracted by</u> email or phone calls?
4. What kinds of personality traits <u>~~annoy you a lot~~ drive you crazy</u>?
5. Do you ever <u>~~decide on a time to finish something that's hard to achieve~~ set yourself a tight deadline</u>?
6. Do you find it easy to <u>~~make decisions~~ make up your mind</u> about things?

### 1.D. Read the blog again. Answer the questions. Then compare your answers with a partner.

1. What happened when the writer tried to multitask?
  - He played a trick on himself.
  - He became carelessly, so that he made lots of mistakes.
2. What was the research the writer did?
  - It was to quit multitasking for one week.
3. What were the two things the writer learned?
  - First, single-tasking has you make great progress.
  - Second, single-tasking reduces your stress levels dramatically.
4. What two things does the writer recommend we do to stop multitasking?
  - First, get rid of interruptions.
  - Second, set yourself a tight deadline.
5. What is the writer's opinion of multitasking? Do you agree?
  - His opinions is that you can achieve more if you don't multitask. 
  - I agree with that totally, because I'm trying to do single-tasking now.

- - -
# Questions
* Fooling someone, playing a trick on someone and cheating someone.
  - What is the difference? Which word is more malicious?
* Doesn't "set yourself a tight deadline" need words like 'on', 'to', or 'in'?
  - Is "set a tight deadline for yourself" right?

- - -
### 2. Listening and writing: When should I do that?

#### A. What do you do when you have a lot to do? How do you balance work, friends, and family time?
I'll make a list what to do when I have a lot to do.
I'll break them down into several small tasks which are up to 4 hours.
And I'll set priorities of them.
Finally, I'll start to work on the highest priority task.
I can give up some tasks and ask them to my colleagues, because I made all my tasks clearly.

I've already set priorities of work, friends, and family.
Family has the highest priority, next is work, and finally friends.
Basically, I set the highest priority for things which I don't want to change and I want to keep.
I love my family, so I want to keep the relationship with them.
And, I set higher priority for things which I want to change and improve.
I want to improve my IT skill and English skill, and work can help me to do that.
Of course, I can earn money from work and I can live with my family using the money.
When jobs change, friends can change.
But friends cannot change my work.

#### B. Listen to for people talk about their time management problems. Which problems did they have? Write the number of the speaker. There are two extra problems.

##### 1. d
I was having a really bad time about a year ago.
I've just never seen to have any time.
I thought stressed and busy, and I just kept missing deadlines.
A friend's suggested that I try keeping a diary everything I did.
And I realized that wasn't using time effectively at all.
These days, I more organized.
I plan my weekend in advance.
And I get more done and I'm far away stressed.

##### 2. c
A few years ago, when I was in college.
I had a lot of projects assignment do it at same time.
I got really stressed and started having panic attacks.
My doctor suggested that when I felt stressed out, I take a walk.
It sounded like weird things to do.
You know, when you're really busy, but it actually worked.
Now, whenever I start to feel like I have too much to do.
I shut my laptop and go for a walk.
It really helps me to focus on what I need to do.

##### 3. b
A co-worker gave me a great tip a few month ago.
Write a list of things you have to do for the day.
It's incredibly simple, but it works.
I used to have terrible problems prioritizing jobs.
So I was always have panic trying to get important jobs done,
because I had done less important work first.
Now, the first things I do every day is list what I have to do
with the most important jobs at the top.
That way I don't spend time on a small stuff, before I've done the big stuff.
And I love closing things off my list too.

##### 4. f
My biggest problem was that I put off starting jobs that would be difficult.
Then of course, as the time passed and work wasn't done.
I got more and more stressed.
I talked our friends about it, and his advice was to break big jobs down into
smaller more manageable tasks.
Then, focus on smaller tasks.
That way jobs wouldn't seems so huge.
It really helped me to stop feeling over around.

#### C. Listen again and write the advice each speaker received.

##### 1.
His friend suggested that...

"Try keeping a diary everything you did."

##### 2.
Her docker suggested that...

"When you feel stressed out, take a walk."

##### 3.
His co-worker gave him a great tip ...

"Write a list of things you have to do for the day."

##### 4.
Her friend gave her advice that ...

"Break big jobs down into smaller more manageable tasks, and then focus on smaller tasks."

#### D. Read the Help note. Then read the question and answer and circle any sentences that link ideas with *as long as*, *provided that*, or *unless*.

#### E. Write a question about a time management problem. Then exchange papers and answer your classmate's question. Give advice.
