+++
title =  "2019-09-18: Homework"
date = 2019-09-18T12:00:00+09:00
+++

# Unit 4: Family life
## Lesson A: Family gripes

## 3. Listening and speaking: Reasonable demands?

## B.

### 1.
My parents have their own company.
You know, they sell all different kinds of bottle of water.
And they want me to get in the board of that and be part of it.
Like, my Mom wants me to learn more about bottle of water and everything.
I'm not really into it.
But, Mom said sure teach me all about it when I finish college.
She really wants me to work with her.

### 2.
I'm an engineering student.
School's good. But it's pretty difficult, you know?
I mean, I have classes and I work part time too. 
So I've never seemed to have much time for anything else.
My parents are always complaining, because they don't see me very much.
I mean, they get me to go home for every holiday,
but they also want to talk more on the phone like once a week too.

### 3.
I really have to do some thinking about what I'm going to do with my life.
You see, I want to see the world before I get a real job.
I've never really been anywhere.
But my parents have always pretty much had me make my own decisions.
Like, they didn't make me go to college or anything.
The only thing they worry about is that
I won't find someone and they won't have grand children.
You know, that one never settle down until I have kids.
They're always telling me to think about the future.

### 4.
My parents are trying to get me to go back to Toronto.
They really want me to be closer to them.
They're getting older, you know?
And don't want me to leave so far away.
When I visit, they have me fix things around the house and help out.
So, yeah. It would be good.
It would be like an hours drive for them or something.
I told my Mom that I was thinking of moving.
And She said, "Oh great! I'll help you find a nice apartment near here."
And I said, "Mom, I don't mean that I'm going to be your neighbour."

### 5.
I'm in a rock band, you know.
I play the drums.
We perform almost every weekend at clubs or downtown.
It's fun.
My parents are OK with it.
After all, they paid for my music lessons when I was a kid, and made me practice too.
But they don't like how I look.
I mean my clothes and long hair and everything.
They just don't think I dress well. 
So they're always trying to get me to change the wear I look.

### C.
My parents want me to ...

1. get married and start a family.

When I was around 30 years old,
my parents want me to get married.

They asked me whether I have a girlfriend or when I will get married,
every time when I went back home.

My brother has got married 25 years old and
three years later he had a son.

My parents wanted to meet my child, I think.

When I passed 35 years old, however,
they didn't ask me about that.
Because they thought I can't get married.

But I did.

2. study a subject I'm not interested in.

My parents had never said to me "Study hard!"
They knew that I won't study if they said to me that.

I wasn't good at Japanese and History in elementary school, I didn't like them.
My parents didn't say anything, but they gave me some books:
novels for children and history cartoons.

I like reading books because of that.
I thank my parents for that.

3. work in the family business.

My father was a dental technician and my mother helped him.
They didn't want me to work in the family business.

They wanted me to do what I wanted and to be what I wanted to be.

4. change my appearance.

My father didn't say anything about my appearance.
On the other hand, my mother wanted me to change my appearance in the 1990s.
Those days, damaged denim was trend and I often wore it.
But she hated it, because it seemed very shabby and poor for her.

5. call them every week

My parents didn't want me to call them every week.
They wanted me to come back home on Obon and Shougatsu instead.
Because my family and my relatives get together for lunch on those days.

6. move nearer to them.

My parents didn't want me to move nearer to them.
They want me to live wherever I want.
They want me to work in the city and get skills to survive throughout life.

