+++
title =  "2019-12-09: Touchstone-3 Unit-6 Lesson.B"
date = 2019-12-09T09:00:00+09:00
tags = ["Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Touchstone-3 Unit-6: Managing life
## Lesson B: Problems and solutions

- - -
### 2. Extra practice (p.145)

#### A.1. I'd prefer not to move out of my apartment.
I'd rather not to move out of my apartment.

#### A.2. I should really learn to drive.
<u>I'm really going to have to</u> learn to drive.

#### A.3. I should save some money to buy a car.
I <u>ought to</u> save some money to buy a car.

#### A.4. I think you should talk to your boss about a promotion.
I think you <u>might want to</u> talk to your boss about a promotion.

#### A.5. My brother should get a job soon, or he won't be able to pay his rent. 
My brother <u>had better</u> get a job soon, or he won't be able to pay this rent.

#### A.6. My classmates shouldn't go out tonight, or they won't pass the exam tomorrow.
My classmates <u>had better not</u> go out tonight, or they won't pass the exam tomorrow.

#### A.7. My sister wants to go to Europe. She should learn some English before she goes.
My sister wants to go to Europe. <u>She'd better</u> learn some English before she goes.

#### A.8. My friend has to choose her major soon, but she says she prefers not to think about it.
My friend has to choose her major soon, but she says <u>she'd rather not</u> think about it.

#### A.9. My parents are going to have to retire soon, but they say they prefer to work.
My parents are going to have to retire soon, but they say <u>they'd rather</u> work. 

#### A.10. I should get some exercise - I spend too much time at my desk.
I <u>ought to</u> get some exercise - I spend too much time at my desk.

#### B. Make the sentences you wrote true for you. Then compare.
* I ought to commute to my office for one and a half hours. 
  - I'd rather work from home, not commute.
* I'd rather build my home, not borrow a house.
  - I want to have a barbeque in my garden.

- - -

### 3. Speaking naturally: Reduction of verbs

#### A. In what situation might a person give this advice? Can you think of other advice?
##### You might want to try a new instructor.
In the situation that the instructor doesn't fit the person.
I'll give advice to the person,
"You'd better tell the instructor how you want her/him to teach you".

##### You'd better study the driver's manual.
In the situation that the person doesn't get a score on driver's tests.
I'll give advice to the person,
"You ought to study with the past exam".

##### You're going to have to practice more.
In the situation that the person makes some mistakes on driving.
I'll give advice to the person,
"You might want to ask some advice from your friends who has a driver's license".

##### You ought to take more lessons.
In the situation that the person doesn't have enough experience.
I'll give advice to the person,
"You ought to ask your parents to let you practice using their car".

##### You've got to pay attention!
In the situation that the person missed a traffic sign.
I'll give advice to the person,
"You'd better calm down and be careful".

#### B. Think of six pieces of advice for a student who's not doing well in class.
1. You'd better be relaxed.
2. You'd better not overthink.
3. You ought to review for the class.
4. You ought to prepare for the class.
5. You might want to ask your teacher how you should study.
6. You'd rather enjoy the class.

- - -
### 4. Talk about it: What's your advice?

#### 1. You're tired and don't feel like going to a friend's party, but you know you ought to go.
* You don't have to go to the party, because your friend will forgive you not to come.
* You'd better get some sleep at home.
* If you'll go to the party, you ought to take a medicine and leave the party early.

#### 2. You have time to do some regular volunteer work on the weekend or take a part-time job.
* You might want to decide if you do some volunteer work or take a part-time job,
  depending on what you want.
* You want some money, you'd better take a part-time job.
* You want some happiness, you ought to do some volunteer work.

#### 3. You had an interview for a job you really want, but it didn't go well.
* You'd better never mind, because the job might not fit for you.
* You've got to look for another job such like that.
* If you'd rather not give up, you ought to apply to the job again.

