+++
title =  "2019-10-11: Homework"
date = 2019-10-11T13:00:00+09:00
+++

# Unit 4: Family life
## Lesson D: Family activities

## 1. Reading

### A.
Yes, we did. I and my family used to eat together every dinner. 
We used to talk about what we did and how we feel.
Plus, we used to talk about neighbours, friends, relatives, and TV show, movies, everything.

### B: Why does Barbara think families should eat together more often?
Because children who have regular meals with their families feel less stressed,
have a healthier weight, get better grades, and are less likely to get into trouble
than children from families that don't eat together.

### C:
1. no matter what: (f) in any situation
2. leftovers: (a) food remaining after a meal
3. pretend: (d) act like something is true that is not
4. sibling rivalry: (b) competition between brothers or sisters
5. intervene: (c) become involved in a difficult situation
6. or else: (e) or something bad will happen (used as a threat)

### D:
1. <u>False</u>:
Barbara's parents never let their kids take food into another room to watch TV. 
2. <u>True</u>:
Back then, Barbara was a bit quieter than her siblings. 
3. <u>True</u>:
Barbara's mother let her help her in the kitchen - she'd wash and chop vegetables.
4. <u>False</u>:
Barbara used to fight with her little brother.
5. <u>True</u>:
Barbara read an article which said that.

### Summary of Barbara's Blog

Barbara thinks that families used to eat more meals together.

Her family always used to eat dinner together, and learned to share and take turns.

Her family used to also prepare the meal and clean up together,
and they would always have fresh food.

These days, she feels like families have little time together at mealtimes.
According to an article she read,
having regular meals with the family brings a lot of benefits for their children.
She think those families should know that.

## 2. Listening and writing: Family memories

### A,B.
#### 1. <u>Tickets have gotten so expensive.</u>
* F: When I was growing up, my family always used to go to the movies on weekends.
* M: That sounds like fun.
* F: Yeah, it was.
     Back then, we'd get snacks and drinks and we'd share them while we're watching the movie.
* M: Did you? You know, I think families used to spend more time doing things together.
* F: That's true. People are just too busy to define time these days.
* M: Oh, I know. So, do you still go to the movies?
* F: No, not really. I mean tickets have gotten so expensive.
* M: Oh, that's for sure. If you ask me, Prices are crazy.

#### 2. <u>His brother and sister moved away.</u>
* M: I used to play the saxophone when I was in high school.
* F: Really? 
* M: Yeah, I used to play in the jazz band back then, with my older brother and sister.
* F: Really? I think it's nice to be able to play music.
* M: That's for sure. So yeah, my mom and step-dad used to let us practice in the garage.
     We'd even perform in caffe sometimes. 
* F: I'm impressed.
* M: Oh, don't be. We weren't that good. But we used to hangout together and everything.
     I kind of miss those days.
* F: It seems like you used to have fun. So what made you stopped?
* M: Well, my brother and sister both got married and moved away.
     And you know, I got busy with other things.
     I still like jazz, but now I just listen to it.
     I don't play anymore.

#### 3. <u>The kids are older now.</u>
* F: When my kids were younger, the family used to play games after dinner.
* M: Oh yeah? What kinds of games?
* F: Well, we used to play dominoes.
* M: You play what?
* F: Dominoes?. You know, it's a game. You have these little tile things with numbers on them.
     And you matched the map. It's fun.
* M: Oh! Dominoes! OK.
* F: My husband and I would play with the kids a lot.
     Sometimes my brother and sister-in-law and my parents would come over.
     And then, the kids would play with them.
     Of course, my parents would always let the kids win.
* M: Yeah. It seems like all grandparents like that.
* F: Absolutely. They love making their grand-children feel good.
* M: So, does your family still play dominoes?
* F: No, the kids are older now.
     These days, they're always busy texting and following their friends on the social networks.
* M: Yeah. It seems to me that most kids spend a lot of time on the social networks.
* F: That's for sure.

### C
#### 1. My family used to watch Yoshimoto-shinkigeki on TV at Saturday afternoon while eating lunch.
Yoshimoto-shinkigeki is the one of most famous comedy show in Japan, especially Kansai region.
Almost children in Kansai region grew up watching Yoshimoto-shinkigeki. 
At Yoshimoto-shinkigeki, most of the plays are ridiculous gags, but we enjoyed it very much.

In the past, an elementary school were open until noon,
we used to have lunch together as soon as I came back home.

#### 2. My family used to play games of the Sunday newspaper.
The Sunday newspaper had some games like crossword puzzle, maze and "spot the difference".
The crossword puzzle was difficult for me, but I used to like playing it with my family.

#### 3. My family used to go to Nagashima Resort on the summer.
Nagashima Resort is an amusement park and
it has a tremendous pool, various water slides and roller coasters. 
We used to enjoy the pool and slides in the morning and the roller coasters in the afternoon.
At the evening, I was so exhausted that I was always falling asleep.
I loved Nagashima Resort so much.

### D: Skipping rope in winter
When I was an elementary school student,
my elementary school students all had to skip rope at the morning meeting in winter.
There was skipping rope in physical education lessons too.

I was good at skipping rope, but I didn't like skipping rope in winter.
Because when I fail to skip rope and the rope hits my body,
it hurts a lot, especially in winter.

I don't know what my school wanted to teach us through skipping rope,
but I learned that we shouldn't skip rope in winter.
