+++
title =  "2019-12-15: Homework"
date = 2019-12-15T12:00:00+09:00
tags = ["homework"]
+++

I have my homework about role-play phone conversations.
My teacher, Cathy said that I've got to practice phone conversations by next lesson.
At the next lesson, we've got to have some role-play phone conversations,
so that I have to think about some situations.

And, I've got to use phrases below.
* I'd better go.
* I've got to get going.
* I'm going to have to run.
* Can I call you back?
* I'll call you later.
* I've really got to go.

#### When I'd like to invite my friends to a concert.
* Hi, Cathy. This is Naoki. 
* What's up? Not much. How are you? Pretty good.
* What are you doing? I'm with my friends.
* I'm calling about a musical festival. It's going to be held next month.
* Many artists will perform at the festival.
* Would you like to go with us?
* Who are with you?
* My wife and friends.
* I'm sorry but I'll go business trip next month, so I can't go.
* And I'm having dinner now. So I've got to hang up.
* Alright, well, have a good dinner tonight.
* Okay. We'll have fun.
* Alright well, talk to you soon.
* Bye.

#### Plans for the weekend
* A. Hello? This is me. Is this a good time to talk?
* B. Not, really. I'm in a hurry.
* A. What are you going to do this weekend?
* B. I'm gonna be busy this weekend. Got to go. Bye now.

#### How your week is going
* A. Hi, it's me. How's it going?
* B. Not bad. But, I'm busy now. I'll call you later.
* A. What are you busy with?
* B. Everything. Bye.

#### Something you're looking forward to
* A. Hi, it's me. How's your travel plan going?
* B. Nice. It's going well. I got to call a travel agency. Call you later.
* A. OK. Well, where are you going to visit in your plan?
* B. Sapporo. Got to hang up now. Talk to you later.

#### Something you want to borrow
* A. Hi, it's me. I've heard of that you want to borrow a book of the novelist.
* B. Yeah. I'm going to have to go borrowing the book at a library.
* A. You can borrow it from me if you wish, I have the book now.
* B. Really? But, No, thank you. I made the reservation. Got to go. Bye.

#### Some exciting news
* A. Hi, it's me. Have you already heard of the news?
* B. Hi. No, I don't think I have. I'm going to have to go out now.
* A. It's really exciting, and amazing.
* B. Really? But, it doesn't matter for me, probably. Bye.

#### Something you're busy with
* A. Hi, it's me. Are you busy now?
* B. Yeah. I'm busy to die. I better go. Got to hang up.
* A. You'd better to listen to me. I can help what you're busy with.
* B. I'm OK. But, thanks. Got to go now. Bye.

