+++
title =  "2019-06-18: TOUCHSTONE Student's Book 3"
date = 2019-06-18T19:00:00+09:00
tags = ["english"]
featured_image = "images/2019-06-06-touchstone.jpg"
description = "page.6-7"
+++

The following is homework I have to do by tomorrow.

### Page.6: Lesson-C 1.D
Change the underlined parts of these sentences to describe habits.
Use always and a continuous verb.

1. I'm pretty disorganized. I <u>lose</u> things.  
**I'm always losing things.**
2. Everyone in my family loves music. We <u>sing</u> together.  
**We're always singing together.**
3. My brother is really generous with his time. He <u>fixes</u> my computer.  
**He's always fixing my computer.**
4. My father is a workaholic. He <u>comes</u> home late. And he <u>brings</u> work home with him, too.  
**He's always coming home late.**
And **he's always bringing work home with him, too**
5. My college roommate was really funny. She <u>made</u> us laugh. You know, she <u>told</u> jokes.  
**She was always making** us laugh. You know, **she was always telling** jokes.
6. A friend of mine <u>complains</u> she's broke, but she <u>buys</u> herself expensive clothes.  
**A friend of mine is always complaining** she's broke, but
**she's always buying** herself expensive clothes.
7. One of my friends is totally unreliable. He <u>cancels</u> plans at the last minute.  
**He's always canceling** plans at the last minutes.

- - -
### Page.6: Lesson-C 1.E
Do you know people like the ones above ?

1. I'm always leaving things behind, especially recently.  
In my honeymoon, I left my thing behind in a car, twice.  
The first time, during a bus tour in Scotland,
I left the whiskey behind in the bus, it was a present for my brother, 
Next day, the bus guide brought it to me, even though he was on holiday.
He was so kind.  
The second time, I left my bag in a taxi in England.
The taxi driver brought it to me in thirty minutes later.
Fortunately, he brought the customer to the same place where I was.

4. I was a workaholic, when I joined a company I work now. I was always coming home late.  
Moreover, I had worked hard all night long many times.
At that time, I was young and I was always working hard to improve my skills.

- - -
### Page.7: Lesson-C 2.Strategy plus -At least-

My wife is always complaining to me that I didn't organize my room,
but at least she cleans my room.

- - -
### Page.7: Lesson-C 3.Strategies -Funny little habits-
#### A. Complete each conversation with _always_ and a continuous verb. Add _at least_ to each response.
1. 
  - A: My boyfriend <u>is always checking</u> his messages, even at the movies!
  - B: Oh, that's annoying. But **at least** he doesn't answer his phone during a movie, right ?
2. 
  - A: My girlfriend <u>is always telling</u> jokes. She never takes anything seriously.
  - B: Well, **at least** she has a good sense of humor.
3. 
  - A: Sometimes I'm so disorganized. I <u>am always losing</u> things, like pens and stuff.
  - B: Yeah, but **at least** you don't lose anything really valuable, right ?
4. 
  - A: My sister <u>is always asking</u> me for money. She asks nicely, so it's hard to say no.
  - B: Well, **at least** she asks politely.

