+++
title =  "2019-07-03: Time flies in English lessons"
date = 2019-07-03T22:00:00+09:00
tags = ["english"]
description = "Time has passed and money has gone."
+++

I had an English lesson today.
I feel I've not improve English skill very much.
Maybe I have to study English harder everyday..
I should do my best effort to learn English, shouldn't I ?

- - -
The followings is my homework.

## Describe 5 celebrities, share their personality and habits.
1. Kuro-chan, who is a comedian, is incredibly dishonest.
He is always lying.
2. Matchan, of the comedy duo "Downtown", is extremely funny.
He is always telling jokes.
3. Yamachan, of the comedy duo "Nankai candies", is absolutely jealous.
He is always criticizing people.  
**I'm not interested in celebrities at all...**  
**I don't care their personalities...**
4. My brother is fairly allergic to dust, pollen, and fur.
He is always blowing his nose.
5. My wife is really chatty.
She's always talking about her day.

## 7.1. You ask people about things they have done. Write questions with ever.
1. (ride/horse?) Have you ever ridden a horse ?
2. (be/California?) Have you ever been to California ?
  - (my answer) Yes, I have. I have been to San Jose to just transit.
3. (run/marathon?) Have you ever run a marathon ?
  - (my answer) No, I haven't. I've never run a marathon.
4. (speak/famous person?) Have you ever spoken to a famous person ?
  - (my answer) No, I haven't. I've never spoken to such a person.
5. (most beautiful place/visit?) What's the most beautiful place you've ever visited ?
  - (my answer) The most beautiful place I've visited is Niagara Falls.

## 7.2. Complete B's answers. Some sentences are affirmative and some negative. Use these verbs.
1. What's John's sister like ?
I have no idea. <u>I've never met</u> her.
2. Is everything going well ?
Yes, we <u>haven't had</u> any problems so far.

3. Are you hungry ?
Yes I <u>haven't eaten</u> much today
4. Can you play chess ?
Yes, but I <u>haven't play</u> for ages.
5. Are you enjoying your vacation ?
Yes, it's the best vacation <u>I've had</u> for a long time.
6. What's that book about ?
I don't know. <u>I've never read</u> it.
7. Is Brussels an interesting place ?
I have no idea. <u>I've never been</u> there.
8. I hear your car broke down again yesterday.
Yes, it's the second time <u>it's happened</u> this month.
9. Do you like caviar ?
I don't know. <u>I've never tried</u> it.
10. Mike was late for work again today.
Again ? He <u>has been</u> late every day this week.
11. Who's that woman by the door?
I don't know. <u>I've never seen</u> her before.

## 7.3. Write for sentences about yourself. Use I haven't and choose from the boxes.
1. I haven't used a computer today.
2. I haven't lost anything this week.
3. I haven't been to the movies since February in this year.
4. I haven't taken a bus today.
5. I haven't read a book recently.

## 7.4. Read the situations and complete the sentences.
1. Jack is driving a car for the first time. He's very nervous and not sure what to do.
<u>It's the first time he's driven</u> a car.
2. Some children at the zoo are looking at a giraffe. They've never seen one before.
It's the first time <u>some children have seen</u> a giraffe.
3. Sue is riding a horse. She doesn't look very confident or comfortable.
She <u>hasn't ridden a horse</u> before.
4. Joe and Lauren are on vacation in Japan. They've been to japan once before.
This is the second time <u>they've been to japan</u>.
5. Emily is staying at the Price Hotel. She stayed there a few years ago.
It's not the first <u>time she's stayed there</u> this hotel.
6. Ben is playing tennis for the first time. He's a complete beginner.
<u>He's never played tennis</u> before.

## Unit 2. Experiences (page.11)
Think of some special experiences you hope to have in the future. Tell the class...

##### a place you'd like to go someday.
I have many places where I'd like to go.
One of those is Iceland.

##### something you'd love to see.
I'd love to see glaciers and auroras.

##### something you'd like to do.
I'd like to go hiking on glaciers and snorkelling in Silfra fissure.

##### a person you'd really like to meet.
If I can, I'd like to meet Mr. Bear Grylls.
He is an amazing adventurer and he is on the TV show: Man vs. Wild.
He eats wild animal meats and insects, like spiders and larvae.
