+++
title =  "2019-10-17: Homework"
date = 2019-10-17T10:00:00+09:00
+++

<!--
My teacher requested me to do my homework again due to lack of time markers.
In spite of the lesson for using time markers, I used only one time markers in my blog.
So, she wanted me to use more time markers.
-->

## The pleasure of summer vacation
My family used to go to Nagashima Resort in the summer, when I was a kid.
Back then, I was always looking forward to going Nagashima Resort every summer.
Both now and then, Nagashima Resort is the biggest amusement park in Kansai region;
it has a tremendous pool, various water slides and roller coasters.

Nowadays, I'm not going to an Amusement park.
I don't like going crowded places these days because I get tired.
So now, I like to go camping or an adventure park in the country side.

## Vocabulary notebook

### 1.
* used to drink <u>milk</u>.
* had <u>a beard</u> and a mustache.
* used to wear <u>a {cap, overalls}</u>.
* always listened to <u>{music, a radio}</u>.

### 2.

### My father
#### My father was interested in amateur radio when I was a child.
My father was a dental technician and used to work at home all day long.
One day, he was interested in amateur radio.
He was so keen on it that he set up an antenna about 10 meters high in the garden.
He made various friends who would never meet while working at home.

One of his friends were a fish wholesaler and he gave us various seafood:
a sea bream, flatfish, abalone, turban shell, lobster and so on.
The reason was that we helped him work by offering a bed and dinner for him,
who was always transporting seafood a long distance from the market to the city by truck.

#### My father used to drink whiskey.
My father and mother used to drink and chat after the children fell asleep, when I was a kid.
When I woke up at night and couldn't sleep,
I used to go to my father and mother to eat some snacks: dried tuna and salami. I liked it.

Now, my father rarely drinks anymore.
Because he suffered from gout about 15 years ago and cares for his health now.

#### My father used to bring us Okonomiyaki.
My father was a dental technician and
he was teaching at school once a week until recently.

When I was a kid, he used to buy Okonomiyaki on his way home from class.
I was looking forward to the Okonomiyaki that was my family's dinner every Thursday.

However, the chef of the Okomiyaki restaurant had passed away.
His son took over the restaurant, but the taste has changed.
So my father stopped buying it.

### My mother
#### My mother was interested in the electronic organ, knitting, and cooking.
There was the electronic organ when I was a kid.
My mother used to play the electronic organ on weekends.
And she used to knit us sweaters and scarves.
Moreover she used to try new dishes.
Most of the dishes my mother made were delicious,
but I didn't like dishes using molokhiya.

She is full of curiosity.
She is interested in hiking.
My parents go hiking once a month these days.

#### My mother used to listen to classical music.
There were component stereo system and classical music records when I was a kid.
My mother used to knit while listening to classical music.

The stereo was broken before, and now it's gone.

#### My mother used to cry when she watch a moving drama on TV.
When I was a kid, I couldn't understand why she was crying.
But nowadays, I can understand that.

Like my mother, I almost cry when I watch a moving movie.

### My brother
I used to follow my brother when I was a child.
I joined the football club when my brother played football,
and I joined the tennis club when my brother played tennis.
Because my brother was playing those sports very happily.

#### My uncle (adopted husband)

My uncle, my mother's younger brother, is adopted into his wife's family.
I don't know the reason very much,
but adoption like him is often used in Japan to take over a family name.

* My uncle is interested in volunteering.
* My uncle used to travel with his wife on a motorbike.
* My uncle used to drink and sleep in a family reunion on the holiday during the new year. 
