+++
title =  "2019-10-04: Homework"
date = 2019-10-04T12:00:00+09:00
+++

# Unit 4: Family life
## Lesson C: If you ask me, ...

## 2. Strategy plus: Agreeing

### 1.
<u>
It's really bad for kids, when they come home from school to an empty house.
Remember when one parent used to stay at home with the kids?
Nowadays, both parents are at work.
</u>

That's true.
But a lot of families need two incomes these days.

### 2.
<u>
A lot of families don't have meals together anymore.
That's not a good thing.
Whatever happened to family dinners?
</u>

Exactly.
Some kids never want to sit down and eat with their families.

### 3.
<u>
You know?
There's a lot of pressure on kids to get good grades.
So they can get into college.
They have to study all the time.
It's just not healthy.
</u>

Oh, I agree.
I mean a lot of kids stay up all night studying for exams.

### 4.
<u>
It's nice one grand parent can take care of the kids.
Like, one parent's so busy.
I mean it's better than having a baby sitter to stay with them.
</u>

Definitely.
My kids love to spend time with my mother.
They say she's more fun than me.

### 5.
<u>
My son is still in high school and he wants to get a part time job.
But, you know.
I'm not sure it's a good idea.
I mean he's already so busy with school and everything.
</u>

Oh, I know.
But working a few hours a week can be a good experience for teenagers.

## 3. Strategies: In my opinion

## B.

### divorce and children

I suppose that divorce can be terrible for kids.
But keeping marriage must be terrible for the parents
who don't love anymore each other.
In my opinion, marriage is for the parents, not for their kids.
So it's not good thing to keep marriage only for their kids.
Divorce can make them all happy, I think.

### spending time with family

You should spend time with your family if you love your family.
In my opinion, not blood, spending time together promotes family ties.

### studying all night for tests

It's really bad to study all night for tests.
Because according to the brain study,
you can't remember what you learnt if you don't sleep.
I've heard of that.

