+++
title =  "2019-07-24: Homework"
date = 2019-07-24T17:00:00+09:00
description = "Summer memory"
+++

# 2. My favorite summer memory is

My favorite summer memory is that I rode overhead waves five years ago.

At that time I lived in Fukuoka,
but I used to go to Hyuga,Miyazaki for camping and surfing.

I had been camping in Hyuga that summer, and a typhoon came.
The typhoon passed near my campsite in the middle of the night and left to the east.
In the early morning of the next day, the wind calmed and the big wave remained.

If I wasn't in Hyuga, I could not ride a big wave.
Because I couldn't paddle out to the lineup beyond the big waves.
Hyuga has a very convenient rip current.
I can reach the lineup without a duck dive, thanks to the rip current.

The big wave was so fast that I could hardly catch it.
I thought I wouldn't be able to catch the wave all day,
but I paddled like hell and finally caught the big wave.

I was a little scared at the moment of sliding down from the top of the wave,
but it was amazing beyond words.
I want to taste that moment again.

- - -
# p.15, 3 Building vocabulary

## Goold experiences

#### taken an exciting trip ?
Yes, I have.
I had taken an exciting honeymoon.

#### found a wallet ?
No, I haven't.
I lost my wallet, when I was in junior high school.
But, I couldn't find my wallet.

## Bad experiences

#### broken something valuable ?
Yes, I have.
It was a wine glass of Riedel.
I washed it and put it on the table.
I dropped something and pick it up.
And then, when I turned around, I dropped it down with my elbow.
It had been broken.

#### lost something important ?
Yes, I have.
It was an AC adapter of my business laptop.
The AC adapter I was supposed to put in my bag was not found anywhere.
I thought I had to buy it back, 
but my colleague had taken it by mistake.

I thought that I put it in my bag, but I didn't.
On the other hand,
my colleague thought that he didn't put his AC adapter in his bag, but he did.
And he put my AC adapter in his bag.

#### had the flue ?
Yes, I have.
Probably, when I was an elementary school student, I have had the flue.
I hardly remember that, though.

#### forgotten someone's birthday ?
No, I haven't.
I remember my family's birthday.
My friend request me a birthday present,
so I don't have to remember my friend's birthday.

#### fallen and hurt yourself.
Yes, I have.
When I was skateboarding, I fell down and got injured.
I rub my hands and feet badly and sprained my ankles.
It was a mistake that I skateboarded on the slope.


