+++
title =  "2019-07-17: homework"
date = 2019-07-17T17:00:00+09:00
description = "Lesson B. Unusual experiences page.14"
+++

# Unit 2. Experiences
## Lesson B Unusual experiences

### 1. Building language
#### A. Which experience do you think was scarier ?

I think Martin's experience is scarier.
I'm introverted and bad at singing,
so if I were him,
I would be scared to sing in front of many people and
my legs would shave.

#### B. Unscramble the questions and complete the answers. Then practice with a partner. 

* 1.A: Have you ever been to Ecuador?
* 1.B: Yes, I <u>have</u>. I<u>'ve been</u> there last year.

* 2.A: Have you ever entered a talent contest ?
* 2.B: No, I <u>haven't</u>. But I <u>have entered</u> in a concert in May.

### 2. Grammar: Present perfect vs. simple past

#### A. Complete the conversations with the present perfect or simple past. Then practice.

* 1.A: <u>Have</u> you ever <u>heard</u> of kitesurfing?
* 1.B: Yes, I <u>have</u>. But I<u>'ve never</u> done anything like that.

* 2.A: <u>Have</u> you and your friends ever <u>gone</u> on a big roller coaster?
* 2.B: No, we <u>haven't</u>. I <u>have</u> always <u>hated</u> roller coasters.

* 3.A: <u>Have</u> you ever <u>stayed</u> up all night?
* 3.B: Yes, I <u>have</u>. My family <u>went</u> camping two years ago,
and none of us <u>didn't slept</u> all night.

* 4.A: <u>Did</u> you <u>do</u> anything different last summer ?
* 4.B: Yes, I <u>did</u>. I <u>learnt</u> to play African drums.
I <u>have</u> always <u>wanted</u> to play them. I<u>'ve never gone</u> to Africa, through.

#### B. Ask the questions above. Give your own answers.

* 1.A: Have you ever heard of kitesurfing?
* 1.B: Yes, I have. But I've never done kitesurfing.
I've just watch that on the movie.
I've done "plain" surfing.

* 2.A: Have you and your friends ever gone on a big roller coaster?
* 2.B: Yes, I have. But I don't like roller coasters.
My friends said, "Let's all go on the roller coaster", and I couldn't refuse it.
I'm afraid to do that at first, but I got used to the third time.

* 3.A: Have you ever stayed up all night?
* 3.B: Yes, I have. When I was a student,
I and my friends drank and played mah-jongg all night.

* 4.A: Did you do anything different last summer ?
* 4.B: I went to Suzuka Circuit. I drove a racing kart.
The racing kart can run at a maximum speed of 50 kilometers per hour.
It's so fast and powerful.
If I did't hold the steering wheel firmly,
I would have gone out of course immediately.
I drove the kart only 5 laps, but my forearms were very tired.
I was so excited and enjoyed very much.


