+++
title =  "2019-06-14: AWS Summit Tokyo 2019 Day3"
date = 2019-06-14T09:47:54+09:00
tags = ["aws"]
featured_image = "images/2019-06-14-aws-summit-day3.png"
description = "AWS Summit Tokyo 2019 Day3"
+++
Today, I attneded AWS Summit Tokyo 2019: the final day.
I used the Shonan Liner and the limited express Wakashio this morning, too.
It was so comfortable that I can't imagine coming to Kaihin Makuhari
without getting on the express.

## Keynote (10:00-11:30)

It was the almost same as the Day 1's keynote.
Furthermore, the presenter talked too much and it was overtime.
HOGE's speech wasn't good neither.

<!--
Day1 の Keynote と内容はあまり変わらない。
なんなら気分良く話しすぎたせいかひどい時間超過。
HOGE の発表内容もあんまり。
-->

- - -
## [初級] AWS コンテナサービス入門 (12:00-12:40)

The presenter talked very well, so I could understand about the AWS Container Services.
He was going to have another session later, I would take it.

<!--
喋りが上手でかなり良かった。
コンテナや EKS, Fargate について楽しく学ぶことができました。
この人のセッションがあるのでそっちも聴きに行こう。
-->

- - -
## Kubernetes on AWS (13:00-13:40)

It's difficult for me to use Kubernetes by myself.
I might use it easily using AWS Managed Service(EKS).

<!--
k8s について。
自分でやろうとすると、やはり難しそうな感じ。
でも自分でやってみないと AWS での有り難みがわからないので、
一度触っておこうと思います。
-->

- - -
## サービスメッシュは本当に必要なのか、何を解決するのか (14:00-14:40)
This was the good presenter's session.
It's said that Micro Service is good, 
but he said that you should consider well what you want to do and use it.
He talked very well this time too.
I enjoyed the session.

<!--
サービスメッシュについて、Micro Service とか言っているけど、
その内容についてよく吟味する必要があるよという話。
話が上手なのでやはり面白かった。
-->

- - -
## めざせ!サーバレスプロフェッショナル (16:00-16:40)

The presenter talked too detailed about Serverless.
I thought that it might fit to a Hands-on session and
to a person who knows it.
That is, it's worthless to me.
I was sleepy.


<!--
話が細かすぎて、このような大きいセッションでする内容じゃないな。
ハンズオンとかでする内容。

何か知っている人が聞いたら分かるかもしれんけど、
わからん人が聞いたらわからんみたいな。
つまり、誰に向けて話してるのかよくわからんみたいな。
眠かった。
-->


- - -
## AWS & Alexa Automotive: Worldwide Automotive Industry trends (17:00-17:40)

Alexa auto skills is very interesting and useful to every drivers, I think.
I want to develop Alexa auto skills.

- - -

## What I thought by participating in the AWS Summit Tokyo 2019

I'd like to develop Alexa skills and applications using AWS Managed Services.
I should do it and must do it.
There are many thins that I can't understand
if I don't develop applications using AWS.

AWS Summit Tokyo 2019 impressed me very well.
