+++
title =  "2019-12-12: Touchstone-3 Unit-6 Lesson.C"
date = 2019-12-12T18:00:00+09:00
tags = ["Touchstone-3", "private life"]
+++

# Touchstone-3 Unit-6: Managing life
## Lesson C: I've got to get going.

### 1. Conversation strategy: Ending phone conversations

#### A. When was the last time you were running late? Why?
It was last Saturday,
because I was going to be late for a appointment of the dental clinic.
My appointment was 10 o'clock, but I woke up 9:35.
The dental clinic is a 5 minutes away by bicycle.
So, I had to get ready to go out in 20 minutes.
I washed my face, went to toilet, brushed and flossed my teeth, and wore clothes.
It's five minutes to go. Good, on time, I thought.
But unfortunately, it was rain. I couldn't use my bicycle,
because it would get wet by the rain before I arrived there. 
So, I run.

#### B. Listen. Why can't Ling talk longer on the phone?
She's late for a seminar so that she's trying to hang up the phone.
But Ramon is super inconsiderate,
so she's having a hard time hanging up the phone.

If I'm late for something, I won't answer the phone.

#### C. Notice
Ling tries to end the phone conversation, but she fails.
Because her claims are weak for Ramon.
She uses 'had better', 'be going to have to', and 'have got to'.
I feel that she's trying to let him decide to hang up the phone.
He is super inconsiderate, I think,
so she ought to hang up the phone without saying anything.

#### D. Pair work

* Not really. I'm just cooking dinner.
  - I'm deep-frying potatoes, so I'd better be careful.
  - Can I call you back?
* No, it's not. I'm in a toilet.
  - And it will take a long time, I think.
  - I'll call you later.
* Not, really. I'm on the train.
  - I'd better not to call on the train, because people around me will be annoyed.
  - I'll call you back.
* No, it's really not. I'm driving on my way home.
  - If I call while driving, I will be careless.
  - I'll call you back when I come back home.

- - -

### 2. Strategy plug: Friendly good-byes

#### 1
* I'll see you soon.
  - See you soon.

#### 2
* I'd better go.
  - I better go.
* I'll talk to you later.
  - Talk to you later.
* I've got to go. I'll see you later.
  - Got to go. See you later.

#### 3
* I'd better let you go
  - I better let you go.
* It was nice talking to you.
  - Nice talking to you.

#### 4
* I'll catch you later.
  - Catch you later.
* I'll see you tomorrow.
  - See you tomorrow.

### 3. Strategies: Role-play phone conversations

#### Plans for the weekend
* A. Hello? This is me. Is this a good time to talk?
* B. Not, really. I'm in a hurry.
* A. What are you going to do this weekend?
* B. I'm gonna be busy this weekend. Got to go. Bye now.
#### How your week is going
* A. Hi, it's me. How's it going?
* B. Not bad. But, I'm busy now. I'll call you later.
* A. What are you busy with?
* B. Everything. Bye.
#### Something you're looking forward to
* A. Hi, it's me. How's your travel plan going?
* B. Nice. It's going well. I got to call a travel agency. Call you later.
* A. OK. Well, where are you going to visit in your plan?
* B. Sapporo. Got to hang up now. Talk to you later.
#### Something you want to borrow
* A. Hi, it's me. I've heard of that you want to borrow a book of the novelist.
* B. Yeah. I'm going to have to go borrowing the book at a library.
* A. You can borrow it from me if you wish, I have the book now.
* B. Really? But, No, thank you. I made the reservation. Got to go. Bye.
#### Some exciting news
* A. Hi, it's me. Have you already heard of the news?
* B. Hi. No, I don't think I have. I'm going to have to go out now.
* A. It's really exciting, and amazing.
* B. Really? But, it doesn't matter for me, probably. Bye.
#### Something you're busy with
* A. Hi, it's me. Are you busy now?
* B. Yeah. I'm busy to die. I better go. Got to hang up.
* A. You'd better to listen to me. I can help what you're busy with.
* B. I'm OK. But, thanks. Got to go now. Bye.

- - -
# Workbook

## 1. I can't talk right now.

### 1.
Listen, I can't talk.
I have to walk the dog.
I've got <u>to go.</u>

### 2.
Oh, no.
Now I can't talk.
I'm going to my yoga class.
I've got to get <u>going.</u>

### 3.
My mom's calling me on my call phone.
I'll <u>call you later.</u>

### 4.
Hey. Listen.
I just sat down to dinner with a friend.
I'd <u>better hang up now.</u>

### 5.
Ivana, it's midnight!
Can I <u>call you back</u> tomorrow morning?

### 6.
Sure! Listen, call me Friday.
I'm going <u>to have to go.</u>
I have a meeting.

- - -
## 2. Talk to you later!

### 1.
* A. Oh, hi. Can I call you back later?
* B. Sure. Talk to you later. (b)

### 2.
* A. I'm really sorry. I've got to go out in two minutes.
* B. No problem. Got to go, too. Bye. (a)

### 3.
* A. Let's talk tomorrow.
* B. OK. Catch you later. (b)

### 4.
* A. Well, anyway, I'd better go.
* B. OK. See you later. (a)

### 5.
* A. I'm so glad you called. It was fun to catch up.
* B. Yeah, Nice talking to you, too! (b)

### 6.
* A. I'd better go. I'm late.
* B. That's OK. I better go, too. (b)

## 3. The end?

### 1.
* Liliana: Hi, it's me. Listen, I have a problem. Do you have some time to talk?
* You: Not really. I've got to go to English class. Can I call you back?
* Liliana: OK.
* You: Talk to you later.

### 2.
* Hans: Hi, it's Hans. Are you busy right now? I need to ask you a question.
* You: Yeah, now I'm going to have to go out. Would you mind if I call you later?
* Hans: No problem.
* You: Talk to you later. Bye.

### 3.
* Doug: Hey! Guess what? I have some exciting news for you!
* You: Oh, wow. Listen, I can't talk now. I've got to get going. Can I call you later?
* Doug: Fine. Call me when you get home later.
* You: Call you later.

### 4.
* Louisa: Hi! It's Louisa. I didn't understand the homework. Did you?
* You: Yes, I did. But now I'm going to have to go to English class. Can I talk to you later?
* Louisa: All right. Well, maybe we can meet in the library tomorrow.
* You: OK. See you tomorrow.
