+++
title =  "2019-10-24: Homework"
date = 2019-10-24T18:30:00+09:00
+++

# Unit-5: Food choices

## Lesson A: Healthy food

## 1. Getting started

### A.
#### How often does your family buy food?
My family buy food once a week basically.
We eat a lot of vegetables, so we buy only vegetables a few times a week.

#### Do you buy groceries online? at a supermarket?
I usually buy groceries at a supermarket.
And I buy groceries at Costco every two months.
Sometimes I buy at Amazon.

### B. Who has the healthiest food in their refrigerator?
Ms. Marta has the healthiest food in their refrigerator.

### C.
1. Chris also has a little butter and a carton of orange juice.
2. Marta also has a few apples and a loaf of bread.
3. David also has a bottle of ketchup and some soda. He doesn't have much food.

## 2. Grammar: Talking about quantities of food
### A. Choose the correct words to complete the sentences.
1. In my refrigerator, there's always a jar of spaghetti sauce and a quart of milk.
2. In my kitchen cabinet, there's a package of rice and a bag of chips.
3. I try to eat healthily, so I eat not much vegetables and a little fruit every day.
4. I've bought very little meat and very few cookies recently.
5. I should eat less junk food. I know it doesn't have much vitamins.
6. I eat less fast food than I used to, though I still enjoy a few fries when I can!
7. Yesterday, I had a little chocolate as a treat.
8. We always keep a few basics in the house: a couple of loaves of bread,
  some cartons of milk, a few slices of cheese, and a few eggs.

### B. I'll describe what is in my fridge.

In my fridge, there's at least one bottle of sparking wine.
Because my wife always cooks drinking sparking wine.
My wife cooks every day, so there's lots of stuff in my fridge.
There's a few cartons of eggs, a carton of milk, some cups of yogurt,
a few bags of mozzarella cheese, some cans of beer,
a tube of wasabi and a bottle of Sashimi soy sauce.

In the vegetable drawer, there's always plenty of fresh vegetables:
tomatoes, cabbage, lettuce, rucola, spinach, potatoes, onions and so on.
I and my wife are always eating a bowl of salad at dinner.

The freezer fills up once every few months.
This is because we go to Costco every few months and buy a lot of meat and fish,
and put them in the freezer.
A few days later, my wife uses some of them to make pasta sauce and curry roux.
Other meat are soaked in various sauce: tandoori sauce, bbq sauce, teriyaki sauce and so on.
She puts them into ziplock bags and containers and puts them back in the freezer.

## 3. Talk about it: Is it good for you?

### it's good to eat a few nuts every day. They're very healthy.
I agree with the belief.
Nuts contains several vitamins, minerals, and much protein. 
Especially, walnuts can lower cholesterol.

Actually, I started to eat walnuts today.
Because my cholesterol level is quite high and I need treatment,
according to the result of my medical checkup.

### A little chocolate can be good for you. It can improve your mood.
I agree with the belief.
Cacao polyphenols in chocolate can improve concentration and memory.
Moreover, it can prevent many other diseases:
apoplexy(stroke), arteriosclerosis(blood vessels become stiff), and dementia(memory loss).

When I lose concentration,
I sometimes eat unsweetened chocolate, like cacao 70% or 80%.

### If you eat fewer carbohydrates and a little more fat and protein, you will lose weight more quickly.
I agree with the belief, but you should eat carefully.
Otherwise, you may lose weight, but you will get sick.
If you do that, you have to have much vegetables and water.

Personally, I will not do that.
Because I love rice: rice balls, rice cracker, mochi, and donburi.
And I love noodles: udon, soba, and ramen. 

### Eating less food can help you live longer.
I agree with the belief.
I think that overeating will shorten your life.
But I've heard of that you need to eat well when you get old.

In my opinion, the best way to live longer is to get rid of stress.
So I think you should eat whatever you like as much as you like.

To sum up, you can eat as many bags of crisps as you like.

### You should try to eat nine servings of fresh fruits and vegetables every day.
I don't agree with that. It's too much, I think.
Even if they are healthy, eating too much is not good.

On the other hand, one Japanese man has lived on fruit for 10 years.
He doesn't drink even water. He takes water from fruit.

The only thing he can't get from fruit is salt.
He takes salt from pickled ume or pickled a rind of watermelon.

### A cup of green tea every day is good for your general health.
I agree with that.
And also black tea is good for general health.

Both green tea and black tea are made from tea trees.
The difference is only the processing method.
Black tea is fermented completely and green tea is not fermented at all.

I like both and drink both every day.
