+++
title =  "2020-12-05: English"
date = 2020-12-05T09:38:43+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 67-70

1. They don't look busy.
2. What did he put on the table?
3. He isn't good at telling jokes.
4. Do you remember the night when we went to that party?
5. Since she felt sick, she didn't go out.
6. Although the man is old, he is stronger than you.
7. The girl whose father is a writer likes reading.
8. It is dangerous for women to walk alone in this area.
9. She speaks English better than any of us.
10. The boy was very shy.

1. I have never been spoken to by that man.
2. Where did the children go to play baseball?
3. Look at that cat which is drinking milk.
4. My grandmother likes talking with young people.
5. He doesn't know how old his grandmother is.
6. Doesn't Mary like dogs?
  - No, she doesn't.
7. He made me sing.
8. Let's have her do this work.
9. Eat this, or she will get angry.
10. Do you know which car is the most expensive?

1. The boy who was born in India lives in Germany now.
2. Did she find him attractive?
3. Bob is the most diligent of the boys.
4. She has been driving for more than three hours.
5. I want you to turn off the TV.
6. What he said surprised everyone.
7. I read the story last night.
8. Did she make a mistake?
9. The cat ~~has~~ lived to be twenty three years old.
10. The poem was short enough for me to remember.

1. When was their house built?
2. Did you go to the movies with her last week?
  - No, I didn't.
3. Did your father graduate from this school?
  - Yes, he did.
4. I believe everything will go well.
5. I am glad to hear they got married.
6. It may snow tomorrow.
7. She has a dog which has blue eyes.
8. It has snowed three times since January.
9. **Now** Shall we have dinner?
10. I came here to see your father.
