+++
title =  "2020-06-22: review"
date = 2020-06-22T19:04:45+09:00
tags = ["review"]
+++

At the last time, I learned adjectives ending in -ed and -ing which represents feeling.
And I discussed those questions.

I didn't talk well a few things below.
* The movie on Netflix I've watched was stopped filming due to less audience.
* Skateboard to practice for surfing and most important things to surfing.

#### The movie on Netflix I've watched was stopped filming due to less audience.

The movie is "Colony".
It's an America science fiction dram television series.
It takes places in a dystopian near-future Los Angels.
Because aliens attacked and occupied the Earth.
It's fun and I really enjoyed it and I'm fascinated.
But the production company cancelled the series after three seasons.
I'm disappointed with it. It's too bad.

#### Skateboard to practice for surfing and most important things to surfing.

I started to practice surfing using a skateboard.
I can ride waves but it's too short like five seconds at most ten seconds.
I want to ride waves more much time.
To do that, it needs more speed.
To gain more speed, I ought to learn shifting weight on the surfboard.
A skateboard which I'm using is for surfing, not skating.
The difference is that the front wheel of the skateboard for surfing is movable
to deliver kicking power to under the board, as same as riding a surfboard on the sea.
Provided that I can deliver kicking power to the sea, I can gain more speed.
Faster speed makes long riding.

## Vocabularies

* gotcha: interjection
    - a word meaning I've got you, used when you catch someone or trick them in some way
    - a word meaning 'I understand'
    - look at possible gotchas when using deep learning in practice, and more.
* Work through something: phrasal verb
    - to deal with problems or unpleasant feelings
