+++
title =  "2020-06-09: review"
date = 2020-06-09T20:20:12+09:00
tags = ["review"]
+++

At the last lesson, I made a review about a play I've seen in New York City.
And I studied vocabulary notebook about great movies.
I told about various kind of movies that I've watch before.

I have a homework at page 106 No 3.

#### detective movie

In detective movie, in general a unconventional detective investigates a case which has a mystery. 
I've watched a detective movie, "Sherlock Holmes".
Robert Downey Jr plays Sherlock Holmes and Jude Law plays Dr John Watson.
It's set in London in the 19th century.
Sherlock Holmes in this movie isn't the calm Holmes we've seen in the past.
He not only infers many things but also fights with his fist.
It's a mystery action film.

#### documentary

Documentary gives details information about a particular subject.
It clarifies facts which most of us haven't been care about it.

#### fantasy film

Fantasy film is based on imagination.

#### gangster movie

Gangster movie is a film that focuses on gangs and organized crim.
I've watched gangster movie, "The Untouchables".
Kevin Kostener, Andy Garcia, Sean Connery plays federal investigators and
Robert De Niro plays Al Capone.
Al Capone kills other gangsters even federal investigators.

#### historical movie

Historical movie is a fiction film showing past events or set within a historical period.
I've watched a historical movie, "Downton Abbey".
It set in early 20th century and it takes place in Yorkshir country estate of Downton Abbey in the U.K.
A noble family tries to survive and tries to adapt trend of time when privileged classes are losing power.

#### martial arts movie

Martial arts film is a part of action films that feature martial arts fights.

#### teen movie

Teem movie is a an film that targets teenagers and young adults by the plot being based on their special interests,
such as attempting to fit in, bullying, teen rebellion, conflict with parents.
I've watched a teen movie, "Stand by me".
The title of the original book is "The body".
One day, a boy was lost in a country town.
And a rumor is spread that he died in the forests far from the town.
So, four boys decided to explore the body.

#### western

Western is a fiction film that set in the 19th century in the Western United States.
