+++
title =  "2020-05-08: News"
date = 2020-05-08T13:00:00+09:00
tags = ["news", "vocabulary"]
featured_image = "https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/wwfeatures/wm/live/1600_640/images/live/p0/8b/1x/p08b1x36.jpg"
description = "Where is characteristic of city come from?"
+++

I read some articles below.

## Where's San Francisco's spirit of tolerance came from

I'm thinking about characteristics of city culture, reading the article below.

* [Where's San Francisco's spirit of tolerance came from](http://www.bbc.com/travel/story/20200506-wheres-san-franciscos-spirit-of-tolerance-came-from)

San Francisco has always been known as a city of nonconformity.
But in recent decades, already-outlandish San Francisco rents and everyday prices has been inflating
and living costs has been pushed to 25% higher than the national average. 
These high fees are driving out many of the city’s artists, writers and long-time residents.
So, many people wonder whether San Francisco's progressive, open-minded attitude can survive.

The history of San Francisco, like gold rush, hippie movement and gay rights movement etc has grown 
liberal-mindedness and progressive thinking.
In conclusion, the writer said,
Change in the city is inevitable, but it can also be good.
Because there are many San Francisco residents and organisations working to address such issues,
as well as continuing to find new ways to come together peacefully and open-mindedly.

I feel interesting, reading this article.
Because I haven't felt anything characteristic of cities in Japan so far.
Of course, there is a difference between each cities and each town.
However, it's not obviously different between their city cultures, I think.
It's different just between scenery, building, foods, drink or something.
In the big city, people is little bit more liberal than country side.
In the country side, people is little bit more conservative than big city.
Something like that.

I think the difference come from organization of country.
In US, each states are independent from federal government in a way. 
Each states have their own constitutions and laws, so they can decided so many things by themselves.
On the other hand, in Japan each prefecture can't have their own constitutions and laws.
And each prefecture don't have money much, Japan government has most money.
So, each prefecture governor ask Japan government for money or ask to build something in their prefecture.
Each prefecture can't help obeying Japan government.

How's your country?
What characterstic is your city?
What do you feel a city where you live?

#### vocabularies I didn't know
* cater
    - to provide and serve food and drinks at a party, meeting etc, usually as as business
* epaulet
    - a small piece of cloth attached to shoulder of a coat, especially on a military uniform
* strut
    - to walk proudly with your head high and your chest pushed forwards, showing that you think you are important 
* puff out
    - puff out your cheeks/chest to make your cheeks or chest bigger by filling them with air
* onlooker
    - someone who watches something happening without being involved in it 
* attract
    - to make someone interested in something, or make them want to take apart in something
* fascinate
    - if someone or something fascinates you, you are attracted to them and think they are extremely interesting
* bewilder
    - to confuse someone
* reputed
    - according to what some people say, but not definitely 
* tolerance
    - willingness to allow people to do, say or believe what they want without criticizing or punishing them
* outlandish
    - strange and unusual
* absurd
    - completely stupid or unreasonable, SYN:ridiculous
* nonconformity
     - doesn't accept behaviour that obeys the accepted rules of society or a group
* hue
    - a colour or type of colour
* spectrum
    - a complete range of opinions, people, situation etc, going from one extreme to its opposite 
* deluge
    - a large amount of something such as letters or questions that someone gets at the same time
* lure
    - to persuade someone to do something, especially something wrong or dangerous, by making it seem attractive or exciting
    - to attract customers, workers, money etc from another company or place
* persuade
    - to make someone decide to do something, especially by giving them reasons why they should do it, or asking them many times to do it
* drive out
    - to force someone or something to leave
    - to make something stop existing
* **get a leg up** ???
    - The housing shortage is also partly responsible for the increasing number of homeless citizens.
    - Many of whom work regular jobs but still can’t get a leg up in this city that caters increasingly to the elite.
* disparity
    - a difference between two or more things, especially an unfair one
* flock
    - if people flock to a place, they go there in large numbers because something interesting or exciting is happening there.
* rampant
    - if something bad, such as crime or disease, is rampant, there is a lot of it and it is very difficult to control
    - a plant that is rampant grows and spreads quickly, in a way that is difficult to control
* rugged
    - land that is rugged is rough and uneven
    - rugged behaviour is confident and determined but not always polite
* rebellious
    - deliberately not obeying people in authority or rules of behaviour
    - fighting against the government of your own country
* deliberately
    - done in a way that is intended or planned
    - done or said in a show careful way
* anything goes
    - informal used to say that anything someone says or does is acceptable
* infiltrate
    - to secretly join an organization or enter a place in order to find out information about it or harm it
    - to secretly put people into an organization or place in order to find out information or to harm it
* weave
    - to make cloth, a carpet, a basket etc by crossing threads or thin pieces under and over each other by hand or on a loom
    - to put many different ideas, subjects, stories etc together and connect them smoothly
* personify
    - to have a lot of a particular quality or be a typical example of something
    - to think of or represent a quality or thing as a person 
* ethos
    - the set of ideas and moral attitude that are typical of a particular group
* ill-fated
    - unlucky and leading to serious problems or death
* proclamation
    - an official public statement about something that is important, or when someone makes such a statement.
* ingenious
    - an ingenious plan, idea, or object works well and is the result of clever thinking an new ideas
* impartial
    - not involved in a particular situation, and therefore able to give a fair opinion or piece of advice
* idiosyncrasy
    - an unusual habit or way of behaving that someone has 
    - an unusual or unexpected feature that something has 
* conventional
    - a conventional method, product, practice etc has been used for a long time and is considered the usual type
* penchant
    - if you have a penchant for something, you like that thing very much and try to do it or have it often
* cement
    - to cover something with cement
    - to make a relationship between people, countries, or organizations firm and strong 
* notorious
    - famous or well known for something bad
* niche
    - if you find your niche, you find a job or activity that is very suitable for you
* sanitation
    - the protection of public health by removing and treating waste, dirty water etc.
* compromise
    - an agreement that is achieved after everyone involved accepts less than what they wanted at first, or the act of making this agreement
* eatery
    - a restaurant or other place to eat
* inevitable
    - certain to happen and impossible to avoid

