+++
title =  "2020-11-04: English"
date = 2020-11-04T09:50:22+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Breaking News: Diet drinks may be as unhealthy as sugary ones - 1st November, 2020

Many people drink diet sodas as part of their diet. They believe these drinks are healthier than fizzy drinks. However, according to a new study, "diet" versions of sugary drinks can be as bad for our heart as fizzy drinks that are loaded with sugar. The researchers who conducted the study said people should avoid diet sodas and other artificially sweetened beverages if they want to look after their health. They said the artificial sweeteners in diet drinks are not healthy. Dr Guy Mintz, a heart specialist, said: "The belief that artificial sweeteners are a safe substitute for sugar is fake news." He added: "Artificial sweeteners have been associated with weight gain, insulin resistance, and diabetes."

The research is published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology. Researchers looked at health data from over 100,000 people in France. Participants in the study recorded their diet, activity level, and health status every six months. The researchers said: "Higher intakes of...artificially sweetened beverages were associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease, suggesting that artificially sweetened beverages might not be a healthy substitute for sugary drinks." They added: "Water, water, and more water should be the beverage of choice. Given childhood obesity, no sweetened or artificially sweetened beverage should be a staple in children's diets."

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - I've thought that artificial sweeteners was bad for health, I have no reason though.
    - Because artificial sweeteners tastes bad for me and I don't like it.
    - I think humans is one of animals, so we can taste and smell whether or not it's good for us.
    - That is to say, I could distinguish to taste it's bad for health.
* b) How much do you like reading about health issues?
    - I'm not a big fan of reading about health issues.
    - Because such articles could be changed through studying by scientists.
* c) Have you ever taken part in research?
    - No, I haven't.
    - I'm not interested in it unless they give me lots of money.
* d) What is your activity level like?
    - My activity level is enough for health.
    - Because I go jogging and surfing four or five times a week.
* e) How can we keep out cardiovascular system healthy?
    - We should have nutrient balanced meals and should do moderate exercise in order to keep out cardiovascular system healthy.
* f) What do you think of sugary drinks?
    - I think it's too bad for health. 
* g) What can we do to reduce childhood obesity?
    - In my opinion, only their parents can reduce their children's obesity.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the researchers?
    - I'd like to ask the researchers whether or not black coffee and tea is bad for health.
    - Because I like coffee and tea, and drink few cups of them every day.

### Vocabulary

* fizzy
    - a fizzy liquid contains bubbles of gas
* cardiology
    - the medical study of the heart
* cardiovascular
    - relating to the heart and blood vessels
* intake
    - the amount of food, drink, etc that you take into your body
* staple
    3. a food that is needed and used all the time

## Speaking: 4-49

### Try.1

1. The teacher made the boy close the window.
2. Many people say that this is the best restaurant in this town.
3. Please tell me how the boy solved the problem.
4. ~~Have~~ **Did** they ~~waited~~ **wait** for a long time?
5. He wants to know what his daughter wants for her birthday.
6. Are the boys and ~~the~~ girls who ~~is~~ **are** cleaning ~~their room~~ **the classroom** his students?
7. That old person must be over eighty years old.
8. Do you know why he said ~~that~~ **so**?
9. We saw the bird fly away.
10. Is collecting stamps his hobby?

### Try.2

1. We saw the bird fly away.
2. Is collecting stamps his hobby?
3. The teacher made the boy close the window.
4. Many people ~~said~~ **say** this is the best restaurant in this town.
5. He wants to know what his daughter wants for her birthday.
6. Do you know why he said so?
7. Please tell me how the boy solved the problem.
8. That old man must be over eighty years old.
9. Did they wait for a long time?
10. Are the boys and girls who are cleaning the classroom his students?


