+++
title =  "2020-10-14: English"
date = 2020-10-14T09:11:56+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Today

I was cloudy and comfortable temperature today.
I worked from home as usual.
I had nothing special, just worked.
In these days I do jogging or surfing every day, so I'm find.

By the way, iPhone 12 was announced today.  
It's good, however I'm not going to replace my iPhone.
Because I'm satisfied with my iPhone X, moreover new iPhone is very expensive.
In addition, I stay home most of the day, so I don't use my phone very much.
Instead of new iPhone, I want to new iPad.
I'd like to use new iPad with an apple pencil for study English.
I can use marker pen with the new iPad and an apple pencil.
I suppose I can study English more effectively. 
Also, I can read books and paint a picture on it. 
And then I can manage it as digital data.

## Speaking: 4-35

### Try.1

1. Please show me your **the** pictures which you took in Paris.
2. She has blue eyes.
3. The boy jumped as high as he could.
4. That is a very expensive car.
5. Is baseball more popular than tennis in your country?
6. If he entered ~~in~~ the school, he must study a lot of subjects.
    - If he entered that school, he will have to study many subjects.
7. You must not watch TV here.
8. He needed to be carried to **the** hospital.
    - He had to be carried to the hospital.
9. Do you know how long Emily has lived in this town?
10. Did he ~~wrote~~ **write** his name ~~by~~ **with** this pen?
    - Yes, he did.

### Try.2

1. That is a very expensive car.
2. He had to be carried to the hospital.
3. Do you know how long Emily has lived in this town?
4. If he enters that school, he will have to study many subjects.
5. Is baseball more popular than tennis in your country?
6. The boy jumped as high as he could.
7. She has blue eyes.
8. Please show me your pictures you took in Paris.
9. Did he write his name with this pen?
    - Yes, he did.
10. You must not watch TV here.

## Review 10/14 lesson

### Vocabulary

I was looking for an interesting destination.
After going around many tourist's web sites, I came to a destination.
It was a Miyako island on Okinawa.

#### look for somebody/something = search for
1. to try to find something that you have lost, or someone who is not where they should be
    - Recently I really often look for what I put somewhere a little while ago. I became forgetful.

#### look at somebody/something
2. to read something quickly in order to form an opinion it
    - As I had to read a lot of papers, I looked at them.
3. to examine something an try to find out what is wrong with it
    - I heard some noise while riding a bike, so that I looked at the chain of the bike.

#### look out for somebody/something
1. to pay attention to what is happening around you, so that you will notice a particular person or thing if you see them
    - I've heard there was many pickpockets in London, so I was looking out for such people.
 
#### look up to somebody
1. to admire to respect someone
    - I look up to a person who has lots of energy to get over any obstacles.
    - I look up to a person who are eager to learn.

#### look down on something/somebody
1. to think that you are better than someone else, for example because you are more successful, or of a higher social class than they are
    - I look down on a person who talks as if he knew everything.

#### look after somebody/something = take care of
1. to take care of someone by helping them, giving them what they need, or keeping them safe
    - A main work of network operators is looking after servers and routers.

#### look ahead
* to think about and plan for what might happen in the future
    - We need to look ahead even if this pandemic would keep staying.

#### look around/round
1. to try to find something
    - I'm looking around for an interesting job.

#### look forward to something/doing something
* to be excited and pleased about something that is going to happen
    - I'm really looking forward to my vacation next January.
    - I'm really looking forward to visiting an tropical island.

#### look up
1. if a situation is looking up, it is improving = improve/get better
    - I wish the world economy would be looking up constantly.
2. if you look up information in a book, on a computer etc, you try to find it there
    - I always look up a word which I didn't know in a web dictionary.
3. to visit someone you know, especially when you are in the place where they live for a different reason
    - When I visit to England, I'd like to look up on my friend.

#### look over
* to examine something or someone quickly, without paying much attention to detail
    - When I face a serious software bug, I look it over using a debugger.

#### look through somebody/something = go through
1. to look for something among a pile of papers, in a drawer, in someone's pockets etc
    - I've looked through the paper but I still can't understand it at all.

#### look into something = investigate
* to try to find out the truth about a problem, crime etc in order to solve it
    - You must not expect that police is always looking into their work seriously.
