+++
title =  "2020-12-15: English"
date = 2020-12-15T11:08:32+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2020/12/05 lesson: Every Idioms

### goof up
* to make a mistake
* to make a silly mistake

- I goofed up when I filled in the paper, so I had to do that over.

### mess up
* to make a mistake and do something badly
* to do something poorly

- He messed up his room badly, because he was busy and exhausted until last week.

### do something over
* to do something again, especially because you did it wrong the first time
* to do again in order to correct a mistake

- If you fail it, you can do it over, because you have enough time to do it.

### put his foot in his mouth
* to say something without thinking carefully, so that you embarrass or upset someone
* to say something that one shouldn't have said

- Since he put his foot in his mouth when he told a joke about her looks, she got angry.

### slip of the tongue
* a small mistake in something you say
* an accidental comment

- He made a slip of the tongue during conversation with them, he has brought out his secret.

### be on the right/wrong track
* to think in a way that is likely to lead to a correct or incorrect result
* to pursue the wrong solution to a problem

- He is always on the wrong track, therefore I don't ask him anything to do.

### can't think straight
* to be unable to think clearly

- I couldn't think straight at that time, because he blamed me in front of everyone. 

### mix somebody/something up (SYN: confuse, muddle up)
- to make the mistake or thinking that someone or something is another person or thing
- to make someone feel confused

### get our/your/their wires crossed
- to become confused about what someone is saying because you think they are talking about something else
- to miscommunicate with someone

### Homework

The doctor goofed up terribly on the surgery.
The doctor thought the patient had a serious irreversible disease on the right leg and the doctor cut off the wrong leg of the patient.
The patient had a disease on his left leg in actually.
Because the doctor and his team got their wires crossed so that he mistook the patient for another patient.
As the result he was on the wrong track.

The doctor told the patient that the doctor would do the surgery over.
The doctor said that naturally, not as he made a slip of the tongue.
The doctor put his foot in his mouth at that time.
Therefore, the patient was mixed up too much that he couldn't think straight.
Anyway, the doctor will be on the right track and won't mess up next time, because the patient has only one leg.

- - -

## Today

Yesterday, the government announced to suspend travel campaign nationwide.
So, I'm going to cancel my trip to Kanazawa in the end of the year.
Because we could save about forty percents of the total fee for the trip using the campaign, so I reserved the tickets and hotels for the trip using the campaign.
The government have told us that they would support travel industry and restaurants despite of influence of the coronavirus.
However, the government change their policy yesterday.
Unfortunately, I decided to stay home in the end of the year and new year days.
There is no choice.
I will go on a trip as soon as the pandemic settles down.

## Breaking News: Metal detecting finds ancient treasure in U.K. 15th December, 2020

The British Museum in the U.K. has reported record levels of historical discoveries this year. People have found more than 47,000 objects with metal detectors. Metal detecting is a big hobby in the U.K. Many people go out in the countryside to try and find old coins and other treasure. This year, more people have been metal detecting. This is because of the coronavirus. Metal detecting is a good hobby that means social distancing is very easy. People have been recording their finds on an app on the British Museum's website. The U.K. Culture Minister said: "It is brilliant to see the [app] growing from strength to strength during lockdown thanks to garden discoveries and digital reporting."

The British Museum said people have dug up many exciting and interesting things this year. Perhaps the best find among the new discoveries are two hoards of coins. One of the hoards contained 50 South African solid gold coins found 50 miles northwest of London. The other coin hoard contained gold coins and one silver coin featuring the British kings Edward IV and Henry VIII. Experts believe they were buried in the 16th century. Another find was an ancient Roman furniture fitting made of copper. It featured the face of the god Oceanus and dates to AD 43-200. The British Museum said the app, "ensures finds, important for understanding Britain's past, are not lost but instead recorded".

### Vocabulary

* hoard
  - a collection of things that someone hides somewhere, especially so they can use them later

### Discussion

* a) What do you think of museums?
  - I think it's interesting. I like to visit museums.
  - Because I find something new I have not ever known.
* b) What is your favourite museum?
  - My favourite museum is British Museum.
  - I visited there last year on my honeymoon.
* c) What do you think of metal detecting?
  - That would be interesting.
  - Because I have not done metal detecting.
* d) Have you ever found something valuable?
  - No, I haven't, but I want to find something valuable someday.
* e) What do you like to do in the countryside?
  - I like hiking, swimming in river, or camping.
* f) How important are historical discoveries?
  - They are important for humans, I think.
* g) What treasure do you like?
  - I like coins, pots or furniture.
  - Because I can imagine how ancient people live in the far past.
* h) Would you like to visit the British Museum?
  - I'd like to visit there again.

- - -

## Phrasal verbs: Part 1

### 021: bring down the price

* Could you bring down the price?
* I'm very sorry. We can't offer a lower price.

- It said that people in Osaka tend to ask bringing down the price.

### 022: bring down the government

* The media have some influence on politics, don't they?
* Yes, but the media probably can't bring down the government this time.

- All of American media tried to bring down the Trump's government in this election and they've done it.

### 023: bring in a few million yen

* Maybe we can rent our land to somebody.
* Yeah. That will bring in at least a few million yen a year.

- If you buy some lottery tickets, it may bring in a million yen.

### 024: bring in experts

* What else can we do to solve this murder case?
* I think we should bring in experts on this issues.

- When you don't know about that, you should bring in experts about that at once. Time is money.

### 025: bring in new measures

* I hear the government is bringing in new measures this month.
* I'm just hoping that the economy gets better this year.

- Japanese government brought in an emergency measure against this pandemic, however it was not enough.

- - -

## Speaking: 9
### Try.1

1. The student who speaks English best in this class is Ken.
2. Could/**Would** you bring three chairs, please?
3. After they had dinner, they enjoyed dancing.
4. We walked **on** the road covered with leaves.
5. He asked her where she was going.
6. I'm going to write a few letters this afternoon.
7. When the phone rang, she woke up at once.
8. He will finish writing the novel soon.
9. This novel ~~has been~~ **is** read in many countries.
10. Is it necessary for the children to read these books?

### Try.2

1. After they ate dinner, they enjoyed dancing.
2. Is it necessary for the children to read these books?
3. I'm going to write a few letters this afternoon.
4. He will finish writing the novel soon.
5. This novel is read in many countries.
6. Would you bring three chairs, please?
7. We walked on the road covered with leaves.
8. The student who speaks English best in this class is Ken.
9. When the telephone rang, she woke up at once.
10. He asked her where she was going.


## Speaking: 10
### Try.1

1. He had ~~a~~ **the** waiter bring a ~~cup~~ **glass** of water.
2. After he took a bath, he drank a glass of beer.
3. I will teach him math.
4. The tree was too high for the boy to climb.
5. Swallows fly much faster than sparrows.
6. He let his son use his computer.
7. Don't ~~keep~~ **leave** the door open.
8. Where are you going to have dinner?
9. The park where they play soccer is very big.
10. Do I need to buy this book?
    - No, you don't.

### Try.2

1. The park where they play soccer is very big.
2. I will teach him math.
3. Swallows fly much faster than sparrows.
4. Don't leave the door open.
5. The tree was too high for the boy to climb.
6. He let his son use this computer.
7. After he took a bath, he drank a glass of beer.
8. Where are you going to have dinner?
9. He had the waiter bring a glass of water.
10. Do I need to buy this book?
    - No, you don't.
