+++
title =  "2020 05 27 News"
date = 2020-05-27T09:13:13+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/wwfeatures/live/1600_900/images/live/p0/8d/vh/p08dvhm6.jpg"
description = "Why do we feel uneasy about a ‘new normal’?"
+++

I've read the news below.
This is exactly the case for us.

[Why do we feel uneasy about a ‘new normal’?](https://www.bbc.com/worklife/article/20200521-why-do-we-feel-uneasy-about-a-new-normal)

Stay-at-home orders are starting to life and many people are returning to work.
But why do we feel anxious about returning our usual routines?

During lockdown, we've daydreamed about the return to normal life, 
however we are facing a puzzling dilemma.
We feel anxious about resuming our normal routines, 
even though they're precisely what we've been looking forward to.

**What, exactly, makes us feel uneasy about our looming return to work?**

Because we know that we will still continue to suffer the same things 
that we are experiencing now, just with less social isolation.
And the few benefits that have emerged during lockdown,
like more sleep due to less commuting and working time,
more time with family and less social pressure,
will be gone away lifting lockdown.

Moreover we know that social distancing guidelines will stay until 
a vaccine is produced or herd immunity occurs.
And we know also that it will take time.

**What are the best ways to handle my anxiety through this period?**

We must understand that the anxiety is just a signal for potential danger,
not an imminent threat to our safety.
We can begin to use relaxation techniques like
yoga, meditation and prayer to reduce the anxiety.


I totally agree with that.
We can reduce the anxiety using relaxation techniques, and
it's useful for not only the anxiety from pandemic but also every difficulties for life.
Furthermore, companies ought to allow employees to work from home as much as possible, I think.
