+++
title =  "2020-09-27: English"
date = 2020-09-27T13:25:16+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Today

I'm relaxed today.
I was watching the TV drama series, Friends.
I want to watch it without subtitles, however I can't yet now.
So, I watched it with Japanese subtitles, not English. 
I can't understand it with English subtitles.

After this lesson, I'm going to go jogging.
If there is enough waves to surf, I go surfing.
However, there is no waves today.

## Speaking: Unit21-25

1. Is her husband rich?
    - No, he isn't.
2. I know all of them.
3. When did it begin to snow?
4. She was doing her homework in her room ~~then~~ **at that time**.
5. The movie that we watched last week was very interesting.
6. This is the most interesting movie that I've ever seen.
7. Is that old man his grandfather?
    - Yes, he is.
8. This is a ~~poet~~ **poem** written by ~~the~~ **a** famous poet.
9. She will never forget the man ~~who~~ she met at the party.
10. The girl riding the horse is Emily. 

1. She will be able to eat as much as you.
2. What were you doing with him ~~at that time~~ **then**?
3. When she opened the store, she was twenty-three years old.
4. Who is the pretty girl you were talking to?
5. Does your father know them?
    - Yes, he does.
6. Can you see the dog **which is** running in the park?
7. I don't **know** why he quit his job.
8. As this work is very important, we have to finish it first.
9. Does John clean his room every day?
    - No, he doesn't.
10. Where do you want me to take you?

1. Were you dancing with Paul?
    - Yes, I was.
2. Nancy ran as fast as possible.
3. This is the best way to do the work.
4. All the money was stolen.
5. It's getting warm.
6. When I met her five years ago, She was be able to speak Japanese ~~well~~ much better than now.
7. The dog goes there every day.
8. Whose is this pencil?
9. She wanted to buy a book to read on the train. 
10. The book that I put on the desk **one hour ago** is not there.

1. I will be home before seven.
2. Is your husband good at cooking?
    - Yes, he is.
3. Did you eat meat **yesterday**?
4. My husband enjoys listening to jazz before he goes to bed.
5. ~~Most~~ **Many** of foreigners I know speak Japanese well.
6. ~~A cat is in the garden.~~
    - There is a cute cat in the yard.
7. Is he taking a shower?
    - No, he isn't.
8. I've ~~ever~~ **always** wanted to visit this town.
9. Do you want to go to the sea this afternoon?
    - Yes, I do.
10. This stone is heavier than that one.

1. Does she have anything to do tonight?
2. My mother made me read the book.
3. He went for a drink with his friends last night.
4. When did Mr.Brown stop smoking?
5. How many roses did he buy there?
6. He watches the TV program every week.
7. Do you know someone ~~to speak English and Chinese?~~
    - Do you know anyone who can speak English and Chinese?
8. Who woke the baby?
9. She hasn't seen Tom since then.
10. I want to see you as soon as possible.

## Writing Part2.

16. Describe what you do for a living.
    - I work as a software engineer and also I care of my health.
    - I work from home not to be infected with corona virus.
    - In addition, I do some exercise to keep my health.
    - That's all. The pandemic makes my life simple.
17. What and when do you have breakfast?
    - I have a toasted bread and a cup of black tea with milk on weekdays.
    - I always have it after I brush my teeth and wash my face.
    - I heard that I'd better to eat a big breakfast to consume more calories.
    - However, I don't feel ~~to eat~~ **like eating** a lot in the morning.
18. How do you spend a day on Christmas?
    - I do nothing special on Christmas except eating a cake.
    - I eat a turkey or a chicken sometimes, though.
    - Because I'm not a Christian, and I'm not a child already.
    - To eat a cake or a turkey isn't for celebrating something, it's just because I want to eat.
