+++
title =  "2020-08-26: English"
date = 2020-08-26T08:50:02+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 1-6 Training 6

1. She is too young to live alone.
2. She may be sad.
3. How ~~do~~ **did** you learn Chinese?
4. Isn't your wife Japanese?
    - No, she isn't.
5. ~~What time did he come home?~~
    - What time was it when he came back?
6. ~~Do you see the open window?~~
    - Do you see the room the window of which is open?
7. My brother has been studying Mathematics since he got up.
8. The boy whose uncle is American is good at English.
9. He is enough rich to ~~go~~ **travel** abroad every year.
10. The woman watched TV ~~during~~ **while** her husband was washing **the** dishes.
    
## Listening: Unit 02

### Mode.1

1. He called a bank for creating his new saving account.
2. The interest is affected by his balance in his account.
3. He's going to go the bank.

### Mode.2

1. He called a bank for opening his new savings account as personal account. 
2. The interest is affected by his keeping balance.
3. He's going to go the bank.

### Mode.3

1. He'd like to talk to someone about opening a new account.
2. Interest depends on the balance he keeps in the account.
3. He decided to visit the bank.

### Answer

1. To get some information about opening a new personal savings account.
2. It depends on the balance he keeps in the account.
3. He'll visit the bank.

## Writing: 750 million genetically modified mosquitoes to be released - 25th August, 2020

* a. I think releasing genetically engineered mosquitoes is danger to the ecosystems.
* b. I hate mosquitoes because it's ichy when I'm bited by them.
* c. Because they worry about the damage to local ecosystems by the project.
* d. Mutant mosquitoes might look like just mosquitoes.
* e. They are important to preserve nature.
* f. To be honest, I may feel good.
* g. The experiment is little risky, because it affects animals that eat mosquitoes.
* h. I'd like to ask them whether so far there was the case that genetically modified insects or animals turned out to be dangerous for human.


