+++
title =  "2020-01-20: Touchstone-3 Unit-7 Lesson.A"
date = 2020-01-20T20:17:13+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-7: Relationships
## Lesson.A: Circle of friends
### 1. Getting started

#### A. Where do people make friends? How many places can you think of? Make a list.
I think people make friends at school, workplace, clubs, and introducing from friends.

* school
* an introduction from friends
* workplace
* sports club

#### B. Listen and read the article above. How did Christopher meet his friends?

He met his friends at college and work, or through his friends, and near his home.

* school(college)
  - 1, 2
* an introduction from friends
  - 3, 5
* roommate
  - 3
* workplace
  - 4

#### C. How does Christopher express these ideas? Underline the sentences in the article.

1. Nina is an interesting woman, She sits across from me at work.
  - Nina is an interesting woman who sits across from me at work.
2. Jen plyas in a rock band. It's really hot right now.
  - Jen plays in a rock band that's really hot right now.
3. Angela is a new friend. I met her through Mike.
  - She's a new friend I met through Mike.
4. Jen calls me a lot to talk about things. She's doing a lot of things.
  - She still calls a lot to talk about all the things she's doing.

### 2. Grammar: Relative clauses

#### B. Make five true sentences about people you know. Take turns telling a partner. Ask questions to find out more information.

* I have a really active and assertive friend who works for a foreign-affiliated company.
  - He works for Indeed that help people get jobs.
  - I met him in the previous company that I entered as a new employee.
  - He doesn't have a bachelor's degree,
    but he has a strong point that makes him learning anything that he doesn't know.
* I have a great uncle who is a Chinese marshal arts master.
  - He does volunteer work that help the sufferers from an earthquake every weekend.
* I have a very kind colleague who is a newly wed.
  - He responds any question that is pointless with smile.

### 3. Talk about it: Who's in your circle of friends?

* Who's your closest friend? How did you meet?
  - The friend I just talked about is my closest friend.
  - I make an appointment with him by text app like LINE.
* How many friends do you have on your social networking site?
  - I have forty-seven friends in Facebook.
  - It's bother to upload some pics and articles, so that recently I don't use it.
* Do you have any friends when you were growing up?
  - Now I don't have any friends when I was growing up.
* Who were your friends when you were growing up?
  - I had my friend who had a large garden, we often played there.
* Are you still in touch with the friends that you grew up with?
  - I have some friends who were in the same junior and high school.
* Do you have any friends that have exciting lives? Explain why.
  - I have a friend who has exciting lives.
* Do you have any friends who are very different from you? How are they different?
