+++
title =  "2020-12-23: English"
date = 2020-12-23T09:08:47+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2020/12/23 lesson: Phrasal verbs in use "OFF"

### Phrasal verbs

#### lift off
leave the ground (of a spacecraft or an aircraft)

I become bit nervous when I'm looking up a rocket lifting off.
Because I remember the accident of Space shuttle Columbia.

#### head off
start a journey or leave a place, to leave to go to another place

We're going to head off at nine o'clock because we will have lunch at a fish market in Numazu.

#### sent off
sent a letter, document, or parcel by post.

I sent off some gifts during my honeymoon from several places, 
for example, England, Scotland, Canada, and America.

#### slip off
leave a place quietly so that the other people do not notice you going

I'm good at slipping off from meetings because I don't have any presence.
I'm not sure whether it's good or not though.

#### clear off
leave a place quickly (informal)

The robbers stole jewelries and cleared off before the police men came.
They must be professional robbers.

#### see sb off
go to the airport, train station etc in order to say goodbye to someone

* My parents went to the airport to see my brother's family off when they immigrated to America.

#### sell off
sold all or part of a business

Entrepreneur sells their company off many times and builds their business again and again.

#### doze off
gradually started to sleep, especially during the day

It's so sunny, warm and comfortable today that I doze off.

#### break off
suddenly stopped speaking

He broke off in the middle of his presentation, but that was because of a communication line trouble.

#### run off
quickly and easily write something that is usually difficult to write

I can't run off technical documents in a few hours.
It always takes a day at least.

### Controlled Activity

1. It won't take her long to **do** the letters you asked her to do.
    - It won't take her long to **send off** letters you asked her to do.
2. I often **fall asleep** in boring lectures.
    - I often **doze off** in boring lectures.
3. Let's try and **leave quietly** before the others wake up.
    - Let's try and **slip off** before the others wake up.
4. In the middle of a long speech the actor suddenly **stopped** and ran off the stage.
    - In the middle of a long speech the actor suddenly **broke off** and ran off the stage.
5. I've **put** all student's exam results **in the post**.
    - I've **sent** all student's exam results **off**.
6. I'm going to **meet** James at the airport tomorrow.
    - I'm going to **see** James **off** at the airport tomorrow.
7. We're planning to **arrive** in the early evening.
    - We're planning to **head off** in the early evening.

### Example using the phrasal verbs

Last year the aircraft which my wife and I was board lifted off on time and we headed off to my honeymoon.
I sent off some letters and souvenirs to my parents from several places where we visited.
The trip was so good, however we had to clear off several times, because I had planned the trip so busy.
It was so busy trip that I dozed off during the plane and bus rides.
Anyway, I had a lot of fun during the trip,
because I was able to visit my brother's family live in America and introduce my wife to them.
They saw us off at the airport when I headed off back to Japan.
It was great journey actually.

### Vocabulary

* chit chat
    - conversation about things that are not very important

- - -

## Phrasal verbs: Part 1

### 046: **come about** by accident

* Do you know what happened in the factory?
* The explosion **came about by accident**.

- The good luck came about by accident.

### 047: **come across** a friend

* I **came across Christine** from pre-school at the mall.
* No way! I want to see her too.

- I don't want to come across my colleagues in holidays.

### 048: a lecture does not **come across** well

* Is it just me or do **his lecture not come across well**?
* No, I think so too. It would help if he structured them better.

- What he said didn't come across well, because his logic was collapsed.

### 049: **come across** as self-confident

* How was the interview with him?
* He **came across as very self-confident**.

- He came across as self-confidence, however he didn't do anything well.

### 050: **come along** later

* Are you ready?
* You go ahead. I'll **come along later**.

- She said to me she would come along later, but she didn't.
