+++
title =  "2020-10-20: English"
date = 2020-10-20T09:35:35+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 10/20 lesson

### Discussion

URL: http://www.asahi.com/ajw/articles/13711387

### Summary

Residents of Tokyo who moved out of the capital outnumbered those who moved in after this pandemic.
On the other hand, the opposite happened in local cities.
Because people was afraid of infection with coronavirus.

In addition, they don't have to stay in big cities any more now.
Because they can work from home or attend classes remotely. 
The experts says this trend is likely to keep staying.

### Vocabulary I learned this lesson

* be watchful
    - I was watchful for pickpockets in London, since my friend warned me.
* be cautious
    - As I am cautious for driving, so I have never had an accident so far.
* be vigilant
    - I am vigilant in order not to be infected with coronavirus. 
* a flare up

### Notes

Be careful of using effectively and efficiently.
We use "effective" to describe something that gives you the results you want.
We use "efficient" to describe something or someone that works in a quick and organised way.

### Examples using the vocabulary 

#### compile

* I compile a source program in C language,
    however I'm recently coding a program in Python that does not require compilation.
* When I write a paper, I have to compile results of experiments.
* Police compiled every evidence of the incident. 

#### surpass, outnumber

* Humans surpass ants in size, but they outnumber humans.
* Japanese population outnumbers most of European countries, it's one of strength of Japan.
* However, Some of European countries surpass Japan in attempting preventing climate change.

#### hesitant, take root

* Before I used to be hesitant to move, but I was used to moving after several moving.
* However now I want to take root where I've got used to living.
* I think I'd better take root somewhere until I get old.
* I sometimes become hesitant to try something new.

#### likely to, refrain from (doing) something

* It seemed likely to come thunderclouds, so I refrained from surfing.
* I'm getting weight in these days, so I refrain from eating snacks.
* Something is likely to happen after the election in America.
* People who have some health troubles are likely to be infected with coronavirus,
    so they should refrain from visiting a crowded place.

#### novel

* A bold and novel idea often makes people anxious and irritated.
* I like a novel idea which can change the world. 
* I'm not interested in a novel fashion, also not in a fashion itself.

#### well-versed

* I want to be well-versed in all fields of computer science, but it's impossible.
* He is well-versed in trail running, I want him to teach me about it.
* I want to learn how to invest from a person who is well-versed in foreign currency exchange.

#### flareup

* I'm worried about flare-up of my wife's cancer.
* I'm afraid of a second flareup of this pandemic.
* His temper tend to flare up at tiny things.

#### revitalization

* We will revitalize economy even if the pandemic keeps staying until next year.
* It will be tough to revitalize the economy next year.
* The prime minister wants revitalization on local economy.

#### ministry

* The ministry of Defence requested more budget.
* I expect that the ministry of economy will make good jobs.
* The Ministry has resigned due to the next general election.

- - -

## Today

I worked from home today and attend to an online exhibition remotely.
Recently those exhibition held online, it's convenient, I think.
Last year I attended to the exhibition off line,
It took about 3 hours one way. It's so exhausting.

- - -

## Listening: 2-15

### Mode.1

1. He needs to prove his age for drinking beer.
2. He looks about 19 years old, but in fact he is thirty five years old.
3. He decided to try Doch beer,Gutentark beer.

### Mode.2

1. He needs to prove his age for drinking beer.
2. He looks about 19 years old, but in fact he is thirty five years old.
3. He decided to try dark beer called Guten Tag beer from Germany.

### Mode.3

1. He has to prove his age.
2. He looks about 19 years old, but in fact he is thirty five years old.
3. He decided to try dark beer called Guten Tag beer from Germany.

### Answer

1. You'll have to prove your age.
2. He looks about 19 but he's 35 years old.
3. A dark beer from Germany called Guten Tag beer.

- - -
## Speaking: 4-38

### Try.1

1. The milk was too hot for her to drink.
2. Who was waiting for him?
3. Although the ~~signal~~ **traffic lights** ~~became~~ **turned** red, the car didn't stop.
4. I don't know who broke the ~~pot~~ **vase**.
5. She has never heard ~~that~~ her husband ~~spoke~~ **speak** English.
6. Have you ever eaten Spanish cuisine so far?
    - Have you ever eaten Spanish food?
7. This is ~~the~~ **a** toy which is loved by children ~~in the world~~ **all over the world**.
8. Turn off **the** TV at once.
9. How old is their father?
10. ~~Are you going to wake up tomorrow?~~
    - What time are you going to get up tomorrow?

### Try.2

1. Turn off the TV at once.
2. The milk was too hot for her to drink.
3. Who was waiting for him?
4. This is a toy which is loved by children all over the world.
5. She has never heard her husband speak English.
6. Have you ever eaten Spanish food?
7. How old is their father?
8. Although the traffic lights turned red, the car didn't stop.
9. I don't know who broke the vase.
10. What time ~~do~~ **are** you going to get up tomorrow?

- - -

