+++
title =  "2020-12-08: English"
date = 2020-12-08T09:28:13+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 12/08 lesson: Pronunciation 3-syllable word stress

### Examples

Nowadays, I usually work from home due to this pandemic.
I feel more motivation to learn than before working from home.
Because I don't have to commute to work and I can have time to learn a technique of programming and to study English.
On the other hand, I can understand the mentality of the people who can't concentrate on their work at home.
Because they don't have their own room which is silent and comfortable to work, I guess.

### 1. words ending in "er", "ly"
The stress is placed on the first syllable

* **or**derly
* **ma**nager

- **trea**surer
- **ea**sier
- **vi**vidly
- **pu**blisher

### 2. words ending in "ic", "sion" and "tion"
The stress is usually on the second-to-last syllable.

* tele**vi**sion
* ter**ri**fic

- dia**be**tic
- o**mi**ssion
- fo**re**nsic
- con**sum**ption
- pho**to**graphic
- identifi**ca**tion
- const**ru**ction
- math**ma**tic

### 3. words ending in ade, ee, ese, que, ette, oon
The primary stress actually placed on the suffix

* cru**sade**
* jambo**ree**
* siam**ese**
* un**ique**
* cass**ette**
* after**noon**

- arc**ade**
- guarant**ee**
- physi**que**
- sights**eer**

### 4. stress on the third from end syllable

The stress is on the third from end syllable with words that end in "cy", "ty", "phy", and "gy".

* de**mo**cracy
* pho**to**graphy
* ge**o**graphy
* psy**cho**logy
* hospi**ta**lity
* pic**to**graphy
* his**to**logy

- phi**lo**sophy
- ge**o**graphy
- mor**ta**lity

### Vocabulary

* render
  1. to cause someone or something to be in a particular condition
  2. to give something to someone or do something, becasue it is your duty or because someone expects you to
* omission
  - when you do not include or do not do something
* forensic
  - relating to the scientific methods used for finding out about a crime
* consumption
  3. the act of buying and using products
* venomous
  - poisonous
* serpent
  - a snake especially a large one

- - -
## The last weekend

I felt sick the last weekend and yesterday.
I watched movies, read a book and got enough sleep.
Moreover I canceled the English class yesterday I was going to have.
Anyway, I feel better and I could work from home today, I feel bit listless though.
I am good enough to be able to have English class today.

I get sick a once or twice a year.
This time was the second sick of this year.
I had sever nausea and headaches, which was the worst this year.


## Writing: Part2(7-9)

8. Have you watched a pulse-pounding movie recently?
    - Yes, I have.
    - I have been watching "House of cards" on Netflix these days.
    - The movie is one of political thriller movies.
    - A congressman who is ambitious to be the President of America struggles with being the post and keeping it.
    - I'm thrilled with it, interested and immersed in it.
9. What subject did you like most in ~~school~~ **workplace** and why that subject?
    - I like technical subjects the most in the workplace.
    - Because I am a software engineer and a kind of geek about information technology and gadgets of it.
    - For example, I like smart-phones like iPhone, Amazon Echo devices, Internet of Things, Artificial Intelligent technique and so on.
    - Therefore, I like talking about such subjects with my colleagues or friends.
10. What is it best memory in the past few months?
    - My best memory in the past few months is that I took to learning English harder.
    - Because I'm going to change my job, so I need some evidences to prove my skills.
    - I'm going to get a exam of TOEIC and want 800 points at least.
    - Now I feel some improvement of my English and I have a fun of it.
    - Even after changing my job, I will keep studying English definitely.

- - -

## Speaking: 1

### Try.1

1. The woman who ~~is teaching~~ **teaches** **him** English ~~to him~~ ~~comes~~ **is** from Canada.
2. Is your father **at** home?
    - No, he isn't.
3. My ~~hope~~ **wish** is to be with you forever.
4. His next novel will be short**er** than this **one**.
5. My father is taking a ~~shower~~ **bath now**.
6. Those are Tom's brothers.
7. Have you ever eaten/**had** ~~Greece dishes~~ **Greek food**?
8. What did you eat for lunch?
9. The classroom is cleaned by **the** students every day.
10. Was Bob too hungry to study?

### Try.2

1. Have you ever eaten Greek food?
2. My wish is to be with you forever.
3. The classroom is cleaned by the students every day.
4. The woman who teaches him English is from Canada.
5. Is your father at home?
    - No, he isn't.
6. My father is taking **a** bath now.
7. His next novel will be shorter than this one.
8. What did you eat for lunch?
9. Those are Tom's brothers.
10. Was Bob too hungry to study?

## Speaking: 2

### Try.1

1. The big rock was moved by the men.
2. Call Robert ~~soon~~ **at once**.
3. How many doughnuts did he eat?
4. ~~Is a tiger~~ **Are tigers** bigger than ~~a lion~~ **lions**?
5. Which bicycle is his?
    - Which one is his bike?
6. This machine is light enough for women to carry.
7. I have been ~~taught~~ **learning** ~~Germany~~ **German** for three years.
8. You will be able to see her tomorrow.
9. The man who ~~will~~ **is going to** come this afternoon was **Mr.**Brown's student.
10. That is the ~~highest~~ **tallest** building in this town.

### Try.2

1. How many doughnuts did he eat?
2. The big rock was moved by the men.
3. You will be able to meet her tomorrow.
4. I have been learning German for three years.
5. The man who is going to come this afternoon was Mr.Brown's student.
6. That is the tallest building in this town.
7. Which one is his bike?
8. This machine is light enough for women to carry.
9. Call Robert at once.
10. Are tigers bigger than lions?
