+++
title =  "2020-11-14: English"
date = 2020-11-14T08:25:58+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Listening: 3-24

TW 17 telephone system

### Mode.1

1. TW-17 telephone has the functions below.
    1. An automatically direction of call
    2. An audio and video meeting
    3. A directed fax function
2. You can share documents during conversation using this system.
3. It has additional options below.
    1. It can recall playback messages.
    2. It can display all telephone numbers you called and received before.

### Mode.2

1. TW-17 telephone has the functions below.
    1. An automatic direction of call
    2. An audio and video meeting
    3. A direct-to-fax function
2. You can share documents during conversation using this system.
3. It has additional options below.
    1. You can play back messages
    2. You can display all telephone numbers you called and received before.

### Mode.3

1. TW-17 telephone has the functions below.
    1. An automatic direction of call
    2. An audio and video meeting
    3. A direct-to-fax function
2. You can share documents during conversation.
3. It has additional options below.
    1. You can record and play back messages.
    2. You can display all telephone numbers you called and received before.

### Answer.1

1. The TW-17 telephone system has various applications below.
    1. Automatic direction of calls
    2. Audio and video meetings
    3. A direct-to-fax function
2. You can share documents during conversations easily.
3. The TW-17 telephone system has additional options below.
    1. Devices to record and play back messages
    2. A display screen that lists all the telephone numbers you cal and all the numbers that call you.

### Answer.2

1. automatic direction of calls, audio and video meetings, and a direct-to-fax function
2. To share documents during conversations
3. devices to record and play back messages, a display screen that list all the telephone numbers you call and all the numbers that call you


## Speaking: 4-56

1. How many pets does he have?
2. You don't have to worry about anything.
3. Whose dictionary did she borrow?
4. It was too dark to take pictures.
5. He lent me the ~~book~~ **magazine**.
6. Although ~~he~~ **the man** is rich, he isn't happy.
7. That is the hotel where we stayed last year.
8. It's impossible for me to understand him.
9. The old man who lives in that house is very rich.
10. She isn't old enough to work here.

1. She asked the children to be quiet.
2. There were many famous people at the party.
3. Please tell me what's inside.
4. Why didn't she want to see them?
5. I didn't know what to tell her.
6. He will finish reading the book soon.
7. If you see/**meet** him, you will know/**understand** why everybody likes him.
8. I had her make some coffee.
9. The story my uncle told us was strange.
10. Bob enjoyed playing games with his friends yesterday.

1. ~~He was~~ **They were** kind to me.
2. The bookstore where I bought this book was in London.
3. Have you been studying for a long time to pass the exam?
4. The man running this restaurant is her cousin.
5. That is the house they decided to buy.
    - Is that the house they have decided to buy?
6. Does his wife speak Japanese?
    - Yes, she does.
7. She asked me what my job ~~is~~**was**.
8. Although I have had lunch, I'm still hungry.
9. How tough this meat is!
10. Mary runs the fastest of the girls.

1. He studies Spanish for three hours every day.
2. She made her son wash **the** dishes.
3. She will be as famous as you.
4. The program was so ineteresting that everyone wanted to watch it.
5. Does your mother like music?
6. Was Lucy taking a shower when the telephone rang?
7. Since he had nothing to do, Tom went home early.
8. The old man they met in the park was ninety years old.
9. I think she has been to India before.
10. Please tell me when to visit her.

1. Did you take a shower this morning?
    - No, I didn't.
2. His father was tall.
3. Tom went to the airport to see his friend off.
4. I'm going to call him today.
5. Does ~~she~~ **that woman** know which car to choose?
6. Did Margaret bake a cake yesterday?
    - Yes, she did.
7. Do you know when the festival will begin?
8. Do you know the boy who asked him a question?
9. When did Ed and Nancy get married?
10. She enjoyed playing tennis with her friend yesterday afternoon.
