+++
title =  "2020-01-27: Touchstone-3 Unit-7 Lesson.C"
date = 2020-01-27T18:00:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

Before starting Lesson C.
I will do homework about Lesson B.

# Unit-7: Relationships
## Lesson.B, Section.2 A.7-9

#### 7. First dates usually turn out to be a disaster!
I agree with that partially.
Not usually, sometimes it turns out to be a disaster.
Because someone who don't know each other may not be able to have a nice chat at the first date.
The person don't know what the another person like and don't like,
so that sometimes the person do something what the another person don't like.
If the person do that, it can turn out to be a disaster.
Some people, however, do well at the first date.
They can agree very well together.

In my case, the first date usually turns out not to be a disaster,
but not to be a great success, it's a bit success or a bit failure.

A bit success is good for me, I think.
It means that I have more occasions to know the person
and let the person know about me at the next date.

In case of a bit failure at the first date,
I don't call to the person, and the person don't call either.
We don't contact each other.
It's a peaceful breaking up.

#### 8. Relationships never work out when one person has to move away.
I almost agree with that.
Time you spend with someone make your relationships improve.
So that the relationships usually don't work out if one person has moved away.
But in these days you can use video calls using kind of Facetime and Skype.
Therefore, even if one person has moved away, you can keep the relationships maybe.

I think relationships sometimes work out even if one person has to move away.
But, I don't know the person around me who do well long-distance relationships.

#### 9. When a close friend sends you an email, you should write back immediately.
I agree with that totally.
To work out the relationship,
it's important to express your respect or friendship to your friends.
If you don't write back immediately,
your friend may feel that you aren't a close friend.
It means you lost your friends' trust.
So that you ought to write back as soon as possible..
To keep relationships, you'd better care about your friends.

- - -
## Lesson.C: She's just a bit odd.

### 1. Conversation strategy: Softening comments

#### A. What are your neighbors like? Do you get along with them? Tell the class.
My neighbors next door are a man and his daughter.
It seems to me that they get along well, because I sometimes see they're talking with smile.
But late at night once or twice, I heard him to shout like being drunk,
so I'm bit worried about it.
In these days I haven't heard him to shout, it's OK now, I think.

And another neighbors next door at opposite side are a woman and her father, maybe.
I have not seen her father, but I heard a old man's voice once.
The woman have not greeted me even if I said "Hello" or "Good morning".

In the city, not country side, the relationships are weak.
We don't know neighbors' name even next door.

#### B. What does Olivia think about her new neighbor? What are Adam's neighbors like?

Olivia thinks that her new neighbor is a little bit strange, kind of weird, and just a bit odd.
Because her neighbor always coming over and borrowing things for her,
and sometimes she sort of ignores her.

Adams thinks that he don't know about his neighbors,
because nobody in his building ever speaks.

#### C. Notice
* I guess / I think
* probably / maybe
* kind of / sort of
* a little / a bit
* just
* in a way

#### D. Make the comments below softer. Add the expressions given.

1. The people in my neighborhood are unfriendly. (a little)
  - The people in my neighborhood are <u>a little</u> unfriendly.
  - They're <u>maybe</u> just busy with their own lives.
2. The people next door keep to themselves. (kind of)
  - The people next door <u>kind of</u> keep to themselves. (kind of)
  - They don't like to go out, <u>I guess</u>.
3. The people across the street are always looking out of their window. They seem nosy. (a little)
  - They seem <u>a little</u> nosy.
  - The don't have anything better to do, <u>I guess</u>.
4. The guy above me plays his music too loud. (a bit) It gets noisy.(kind of)
  - The guy above me plays his music <u>a bit</u> too loud. It gets <u>kind of</u> noisy.
  - It can be <u>a little bit</u> difficult to sleep.
5. One of my neighbors is always coming over. It's irritating. (in a way)
  - It's irritating <u>in a way</u>.
  - She's <u>probably just</u> lonely, I <u>think</u>.



