+++
title =  "2020-07-13: Touchstone-3 Unit-11 Lesson.D"
date = 2020-07-13T17:42:58+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life"]
+++

# Unit-11: Impressions

## Lesson.D: Making an impression

### 2. Listening and speaking: People making a difference

#### A. Look at the people and the organizations they are involved with. Can you guess what the organizations do?

##### 1. Kids Saving the Rainforest
The organization tells children about ecosystem of the rainforest, climate change and a nature-friendly way of life.

- A. You know, I'm thinking of doing volunteer vacation in Costa Rica.
- B. You are? That sounds exciting.
- A. Yeah, anyway, there's this girl. She lives there. She started this organization.
- B. Yeah?  Doing what?
- A. Well, I guess she was only 9 at that time. She and friends were selling some their artwork and they decided to do something useful with the money.
- B. Wow, she must be pretty smart.
- A. Yeah, I guess. Anyway, They do all kinds of things. You know, to trying to save the rainforest there.
- B. Really? So like what?
- A. Well, they plant trees, and they have animal center for sick animals, and like a kids camp and a library and everything.
- B. I see, so they teach kids about the rainforest and stuff. That must be fun.
- A. Yeah, I'm thinking I should e-mail her and see her as volunteer there. I mean, they might need help.

##### 2. Cambodian Living Arts
The organization presents performances of traditional music and tradition dance in traditional costumes.

- A. You know? I read this incredible book about Arn Chorn-Pond. 
- B. About who?
- A. Arn Chorn-Pond. He has an amazing life story. He's from Cambodia originally. Though he was raised in US and he found a program for musician in Cambodia.
- B. Really? So, to do what? I mean, do they teach music? or ...
- A. Yeah, you see, he wants to preserve traditional Cambodian music.
- B. That must be very rewarding.
- A. Yeah, well, I guess he's passionate about music. You see, he's flute player too, and his family owned a opera company in Cambodia, So...
- B. I see. His organization helps young Cambodian learn about musical tradition.
- A. Yeah, and they organize concerts something. It's a great book. You really should read it. I'm actually thinking of writing to him. You know, to ask him to come on to give talk at our high school.

##### 3. The international Book Project
The organization donates many books to disadvantaged children and their families.

- A. I've just read about really interesting project on the Internet. 
- A. It's an organization that sends books people all around the world. I mean they're lettered from school and communities from all over the world. 
- A. You know that received books from organization. And actually it's a really cool thing.
- A. They get students here to work with communities over seas.
- A. So, it's like a cultural exchange too.
- B. That must be great. You know to set up something like that. That's so useful.
- A. Oh yeah, there's one girl. She was like only 12. When she and her family came to United States.
- A. And anyway, she went back to visit Kosovo where she was from.
- A. She realized they badly need books.
- B. Right.
- A. Yeah. So, yeah. She started collecting books to send there.
- A. And she worked with a book project. And I guess when she was in a high school.
- A. She managed to send 15,000 books to Kosovo.
- B. Wow, that's impressive.
- A. Yeah, I guess anyone can help. You know, by collecting books or money.
- A. I guess they'll use the money to build libraries too.
- A. So, yeah, actually, I'm thinking about starting to collect books from my neighborhood. 


#### B. Listen to three conversations about the people and organizations above. Write three things each organization does. Were your guesses correct?

1. Kids Saving the Rainforest
    1. plant trees
    1. save sick animals
    1. teaching kids about the rainforest
2. Cambodian Living Arts
    1. preserve traditional Cambodian music
    1. help young Cambodian learn about musical tradition
    1. organize concerts
3. The international Book Project
    1. collecting books and send books people all around the world
    1. get students to work with communities over seas and produce cultural exchanges
    1. building libraries

#### C. How does each student plan to get involved with the organization? Take notes.

##### 1.

The student will get involved with the organization as volunteer during vacation.

##### 2.

The student will ask Mr.Arn Chorn-Pond to come on and give some talk about his work at their high school.

##### 3.

The student will collect books or money.
At first, he will start to collect books from his neighborhood.

#### D. Think of a volunteer project you could start. Who would it help? What would it do?

I can help people who are not IT tech savvy.
Because under lockdown or emergency declaration Internet is important and useful.
I help them to solve the Internet connection problem or computer problems.

#### Question

* preserve, keep and hold
