+++
title =  "2020-07-03: News"
date = 2020-07-03T20:57:20+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://miro.medium.com/max/1400/1*ddVDEGo5MwmcFvZO0WhmAw.jpeg"
description = "The result feels like a mental DDoS attack"
+++

I'll read this article below.
Because we can get much information than before.
It's much much more than before.
But, we can't say that we've improve ourselves enough to handle it all, can we?

[Our Ability to Process Information Is Reaching a Critical Limit](https://onezero.medium.com/our-ability-to-process-information-is-reaching-a-critical-limit-3c761fee3259) 

In these years, lots of events, like natural disasters, political scandal,
protesting climate change, the coronavirus pandemic, Black Lives Matter and so on.
And our ability to process it all may be reaching a critical limit.

As information becomes more accessible,
news cycles often struggle to keep one topic in focus for long.
As a result, news readers become overwhelmed.
Too much stressful news can have a negative impact on your mental health.

On the other hands,
give someone enough time to process what they’re reading,
and they’re more likely to believe the truth.
But, time is an increasingly rare commodity,
and we don't have time to separete the facts from the falsities.

Eventually, adapting to a flood of news might require a social change in news consumption habits.

I agree with that.
In the early days of the pandemic,
there was too much negative news and it was harder to avoid them.
They made me nervous and stressed.
So, I changed the habit to read news.
Until then, I've read news on the top page of newspapers mainly.
However, now I read mainly the news that news sites recommend me.
It's mainly about technology, culture and thinking way.
I sometimes read main news to know the trend of world.
I subscribed some online news sites, 'wired.com', 'medium.com' and 'bbc.com'.

### Vocabularies

* What is difference between upset and dismay?
* abate
    - The flood of necessary updates abates over time.
    - What is difference between abate, decrease and reduce?

