+++
title =  "2020-10-21: English"
date = 2020-10-21T09:27:26+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Writing: World's largest refugee camp must stay open 11th February, 2017

### Article

The High Court in Kenya has blocked the Kenyan government's attempt to close the largest refugee camp in the world. The Dadaab camp houses 330,000 refugees. Kenya's government wanted to close it and send 260,000 Somali refugees back to Somalia. The High Court decided it was wrong to send the Somalis back just because of their nationality. A judge said: "The government's decision specifically targeting Somali refugees is an act of group persecution." He added that it was discrimination. Kenya's government said it wanted to close the camp because of security worries. It said that terrorist attacks in Kenya by the Somalia-based al-Shabab group were planned in the camp.  Dadaab was set up in 1992 to cope with people fleeing the civil war in Somalia. It is made up of five giant camps and is run by the United Nations.  When Kenya's government said it would close the camp, human rights groups around the world became worried. They feared that sending back so many refugees to Somalia would create another humanitarian crisis. The human rights group Amnesty International welcomed the High Court's decision. It said Kenya had a duty to protect refugees from harm. It said: "Today is a historic day for more than a quarter of a million refugees who were at risk of being forcefully returned to Somalia, where they would have been at serious risk of human rights abuses."

### Discussion

* a) What is life like for a refugee?
    - It's miserable life, I suppose.
    - Because they can't have anything necessary to live. 
    - For instance, there is no food, no clean water, and terrible dwelling environment.
    - Therefore, they must be in lots of trouble.  
* b) What needs to happen in the world for there to be no refugees?
    - I have no idea about that.
    - However, wars make a lot of refugees, I suppose.
    - So, stopping wars happens in the world for there to be no refugees.
* c) What do you know about the civil war in Somalia?
    - I don't know about that at all.
* d) What do you think of human rights groups?
    - I think they are doing very important work.
    - Because they support people who are weak in social.
* e) Why did Amnesty International say it was a 'historic day'?
    - Because the high court decided to help the refugees against the government.
* f) What other news do you know of about refugees?
    - I know news about Syrian refugees a little.
* g) What advice do you have for refugees?
    - I can't advice for them.
    - Because I don't know about that at all.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the judge?
    - I'd like to ask the judge "Do you think whether supreme court will support your judgement or not?".

## Speaking: 4-39

### Try.1

1. I will be **more** careful next time.
2. I'm ~~more busy~~ **busier** than you.
3. The shooting star was seen by many people.
4. She has a friend who manages/**runs** a popular restaurant.
5. What did you give your wife ~~on~~ **for** her birthday last year?
6. He often asks his son to clean/**wash** his car.
7. That may be his dog.
8. He has been playing the piano over two hours/**for more than two hours**.
9. My aunt used to be a teacher when she was young.
    - My aunt was a teacher when she was young.
10. That old man looks very sleepy.

### Try.2

1. I will be more careful next time.
2. He often asks his son to wash his car.
3. I'm busier than you.
4. That may be his dog.
5. The shooting star was seen by many people.
6. That old man looks very sleepy.
7. She has a friend who runs a popular restaurant.
8. My aunt was a teacher when she was young.
9. He has been playing the piano for more than two hours.
10. What did you give your wife for her birthday last year?

