+++
title =  "2020-10-01: English"
date = 2020-10-01T10:55:26+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Sepaking: 4-28 Traiing 28

### Try.1

1. The girl had a ~~busket~~ **basket** which ~~is~~ **was** full of flowers.
2. Where did you see his sister?
3. She prefers Winter to Summer.
    - She likes winter better than summer.
4. ~~What did he say somthing?~~
    - Did he say antyhing?
5. ~~Were there a lot of things in that town that you should see?~~
    - Were there many things to see in that town?
6. How fat ~~he~~ **that man** is!
7. ~~Who wrote such a wonder poem?~~
    - I wonder who wrote such a beautiful poem.
8. Is that your jacket? Or his?
    - It's his.
9. His joke made her laugh.
10. He didn't say that he knew her.

### Try.2

1. He didn't say he knew her.
2. Did he say antyhing?
3. Is that your jacket or his?
    - It's his.
4. His joke made her laugh.
5. How fat that man is!
6. She likes winter better than summer.
7. Where did you see his siseter?
8. The girl had a basket whihc was full of flowers. 
9. I wonder who wrote such a beautiful poem.
10. Were there many things to see in that town?


## Writing Part2 (24,25,27)

24. Talk about your favorite sport.
    - My favorite sport is surfing.
    - Because I feel free when I ride a wave. It's so amazing.
    - In addition, I live near the beach and I can easily go to surfing.
    - It's also good that you don't have to buy expensive equipment.
25. Talk about your hobby.
    - My hobby is watching movies, reading books and playing with IT gadget.
    - I'm geek in a way.
    - I built my home network using routers, swtiches and several micro computers.
    - Moreover I mange home electric appliances using Amazon Alexa.
27. Talk about your bad habit and why it's hard to stop.
    - My bad habit is that I always watching news or movies using my smart phone. 
    - The bad habit wastes lots of my time. However, I can't stop it.
    - Because I tend to look something up even though I know it's meaningless.
    - I ought to focus on what I must do without browsing the internet, I think.

