+++
title =  "2020-09-15: English"
date = 2020-09-15T13:28:36+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-17 Training 17

### Try.1

1. Are you with your wife now?
    - Yes, I am.
2. ~~Who is the person who runs the fastest in the world?~~
    - Who runs the fastest in the world?
3. Where are you going to go with your wife ~~this night~~ **tonight**?
4. ~~Are~~ **Were** there a lot of people ~~in~~ **at** the party?
5. Does your wife **often** ask you to take her to ~~a~~ restaurant**s**?
6. The restaurant where they had dinner ~~was~~ opened three years ago.
7. Did she get married with ~~a~~ man she loved?
    - Did she marry the man she loved?
8. She likes eating delicious food. 
9. She wants to be called ~~Jenny~~ **Jennie** by everyone.
10. My mother is more careful than my father.

### Try.2

1. Does your wife often ask you to take her to restaurants?
2. She likes eating delicious food.
3. Were there many people at the party?
4. The restaurant where they had dinner opened three years ago.
5. ~~Who is the fastest runner?~~
    - Who runs the fastest in the world?
6. Are you with your wife now?
    - Yes, I am.
7. Where are you going to go with your wife tonight?
8. Did she marry the man she loved?
9. She wants to be called Jennie by everyone.
10. My mother is more careful than my father.

## Listening: 2-13

### Mode.1

1. She wants to get around New York.
2. She would like to visit a certain museum and a department store in New York.
3. His company doesn't supposed to make a personal appointment with clients.

### Mode.2

1. Because she doesn't know to get around New York.
2. She would like to visit a certain museum and department store.
3. His company doesn't supposed to make an appointment with their clients.

### Mode.3

1. Because her tour only includes her hotel and a half-day tour.
    - However, there are so many exciting thins to see in New York.
    - Nevertheless, she doesn't know how to get around in New York.
2. She'd like to visit certain museums and department store.
3. His company doesn't supposed to make personal appointment with their clients.

### Dictation

* W: Excuse me. Could you give me some information please?
* M: What do you want to know?
* W: The package tour we bought only includes our hotel and this half-day tour.
* M: I see.
* W: There are so many exciting things to see in New York. But we don't know how to get around.
    - Do you offer any other options?
* M: We ~~'ll~~ sure do. My company has a whole range of options.
    - We have group museum and shopping tours, or we can help you get tickets for Broadway shows.
* W: I did some research and there are certain museums and department stores I'd like to visit.
* M: We can arrange for a private guide if you would like to custom design a tour.
* W: That would be great. Is there any chance ~~to~~ **your're** available tomorrow. 
* M: I **'ll** have to check with management~~s~~.
    - We ~~don't~~ **are not** suppose**d** to make personal appointment**s** with clients.
    - But it might be ~~alright~~ **all right**.
    - We have ~~a~~ plenty of other very good guides on our staff.

### Answer

1. Because the package tour they bought only includes their hotel and a half-day tour,
   but there are so many exciting things to see in New York, and they don't know how to get around.
2. She'd like to visit certain museums and department stores.
3. To make personal appointments with clients.

## Review 09/11 lesson

### Vocabulary

I'd like to change my job now, however I can't find an attractive job.
I wish I could have a mouth-watering proposition from an international company.

After COVID-19 has gone,
most airlines will make a bold plan for holidaymakers in the world due to get them back.
