+++
title =  "2020-11-19: English"
date = 2020-11-19T09:34:14+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 11/19 lesson: Business telephoning

### Practice

* callee: Thank you for calling ABC Corporation.
    - This is Morita speaking.
    - How can I help you?
* caller:
    - I would like to speak to Ms.XXX please.
* callee: May I have your name, please?
* caller:
    - This is YYY.
* callee:
    - Can I have your company name, please?
* caller:
    - This is DEF Corporation.
* callee:
    - Could you hold for a moment, please?
    + When Ms.XXX is in the office.
        - Ms.XXX, you have a phone call from Mr.YYY of DEF Corporation.
    + When Ms.XXX isn't in the office.
        - I'm afraid she is away from her desk.
        - Would you like her to call you back?
* callee:
    - fdkfjdhskfeowidkfdf
* caller:
    - I am sorry, but could you say that again a little slower, please?
* callee:
    - I'd like her to call me back by ten o'clock tomorrow.
* callee:
    - May I have your phone number?
* caller:
    - NNN-MMMM-NNNN
* callee:
    - I'll make sure she gets the message.
    - Thank you for calling. Have a nice day.


I'll ask her to call you as soon as she gets back.

- - -

## Speaking: 4-60

### Try.1

1. His name is known ~~by~~ **to** young people.
2. Did you go to France to see/**meet** her?
3. He watched TV until his father came ~~home~~ **back**.
4. I think he is thinking about her.
5. The city is visited by many foreigners every year.
6. This is the most difficult subject of all.
7. I know ~~the~~ **a** boy whose parents live ~~in a foreign country~~ **abroad**.
8. This ring must be my mother's.
9. I have never lied/**told a lie**.
10. Did you see him **swim** across the river?
    - Yes, I did.

### Try.2

1. This ring must be my mother's.
2. This is the most difficult subject of all.
3. This city is visited by many foreigners every year.
4. His name is known to young people.
5. I think he is thinking about her.
6. I have never told a lie.
7. He watched TV until his father came back.
8. Did you go to France to meet her?
9. Did you see him swim across the river?
    - Yes, I did.
10. I know a boy whose parents live abroad.


