+++
title =  "2020-09-30: English"
date = 2020-09-30T08:12:42+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-27 Training 27

### Try.1

1. I have never read the poem.
2. She ~~saw~~ **lookep up at** the shining star.
3. That is the man everyone in the town respects.
4. Why did Tom eat nothing yesterday?
5. ~~It will be so fun that you study in this school.~~
    - It will be a lot of fun to study at this school.
6. He had enough money to buy the house.
7. You must do your homework before you watch TV.
8. When he came back, she felt happy.
9. He was too hungry to sleep.
    - Since he was very hungry, he couldn't sleep.
10. She is beautiful and ~~smart~~ **intelligent**.

### Try.2

1. When he came back, she felt happy.
2. She looked up at the shining star.
3. She is beautiful and intelligent.
4. That is the man everyone in the town respects.
5. Since he was **very** hungry, he couldn't sleep.
6. You must do your homework before you watch TV.
7. It will be a lot of fun to study at this school.
8. Why did Tom eat nothing yesterday?
9. He had enough money to buy the house.
10. I have never read the poem.

## Writing: 20th July, 2020 - Scientists attach a camera to a beetle

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - I'm surprised that they care about the protection of insects.
    - They stressed that they cared for insects they use for experiments.
    - I guess that there are many insects protection group to blame researcher for hurting insects.
* b) Would you like to wear a tiny camera?
    - Yes, I would, but not always.
    - When I go on a trip, I'd like to wear a tiny camera to record my trip.
    - I want to record my trip, but it's annoying.
    - So, I want to do it ~~easily~~ **in an easy way**.
* c) Would you like to work as a beetle researcher?
    - No, I wouldn't. 
    - I'd like to work as a software developer, not a beetle researcher.
    - I think I can help them to research insects by developing software.
    - It will be a lot of fun.
* d) How might this technology help beetles?
    - This technology can let them live.
    - As researcher can know the ecology of beetles by using this technology,
      we may be able to prevent their extermination.
* e) How might this technology help humans?
    - This technology help humans in many areas.
    - For example, scientists have made many drugs from beetles.
    - In addition, engineers try to make a robot referring beetles
      and also there is a study of eating beetles.
    - I guess that humans' future may depend on beetles.
* f) Is it ethical to do use beetles in experiments?
    - I have no idea about that.
    - However, humans can't live without killing other species.
* g) What would people see every day if you wore a camera?
    - People would try to see something that ~~the camera can't record~~ **can't be recoreded through a camera**, I think.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the researchers?
    - I'd like to ask them what they want to put the camera on next.

### Vocabulary

* traverse
    - to move or travel through an area
* rocky
    - made of rock and therefore ususally rough and difficult to travel along
* in an easy way
    - I'm glad when I solve tough issues in an easy way.

## Review 09/21 lesson

I'm learning new technology regardless of how busy my work is.
For instance, machine learning, automating management software, and a new programing language.
Because they will be significant my tech career, I think.
In addition, it's interesting and fun to learn new technology.
On the other hand, legacy technology demotivate me.
The Pandemic induced me to learn new things.
It god rid of commuting to work and I can have time to learn new things.
This pandemic changes my thinking and my life.

