+++
title =  "2020-05-18: Touchstone-3 Unit-10 Lesson.B"
date = 2020-05-18T17:57:32+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-10: What's up?

## Lesson.B: Movies

### 1. Building vocabulary

#### Delicatessen

It's a black comedy film directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet and Marc Caro.
Jean-Pierre Jeunet directed The City of Lost Children, Alien 2 Resurrection, and Amelie. 
Dominique Pinon plays a major character in the movie.
He played in Alien 4 and in mostly Jean-Pierre Jeunet's film.

I saw it when I was in a junior high school.
At that time, I was a movie freak,
so I used to go to rental video shop and borrowed 2 or 3 video tape every weekends.

It's set in apocalyptic world where there isn't foods very much.
It takes place in a apartment building in somewhere France.
A circus clown moves into the apartment which a butcher manages.
Because the butcher posted a recruitment of a employee that help to manage the apartment.
However, the true reason is that the butcher's gonna eat the clown.

### 2. Building Language
### A. What do Carl and Jolene decide to do? Why? Practice the conversation.

Carl and Jolene decide which movie they're going to watch.
Carl's trying to choose a movie which she hasn't watch.
However, Jolene has watched most movies on the cinema,
on the other hand, Carl has't watch most movies.
Finally, they decided to watch Joker.
She has already watched it, though.

### B. Write the name of a movie you've seen in A's question.

I recently saw "Ready Player One".
It's one of science fiction adventure movies for kids.
It's about virtual reality world.
It's set in 2045, when so many people use a virtual reality software to escape the real world.
It takes place in virtual reality world.
I saw this movie on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video.
It's a simple plot in a way.
That is, good guys defeat bad guys.
So, you can enjoy it casually.

If you want to watch a science fiction action movie about virtual reality.
I'll recommend you "Matrix" and "Tron:Legacy".

I saw Tron:Legacy on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video.
It's a science fiction action movie directed by Joseph Kosinski.
He directed "Oblivion" and "Top Gun: Marverick" both which Tom Cruise played in there.
It is a sequel to the 1982 film "Tron".
It's set in 2010, maybe.
It takes place in virutal reality world, called "the Grid".
Jeff Bridges plays Kevin Flynn who created "the Grid".
It's a affection story between father and son.
