+++
title =  "2020-04-17: Touchstone-3 Unit-9 Lesson.C"
date = 2020-04-17T18:00:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-9: Tech savvy?
## Lesson.C: On the other hand, ...

### 2. Strategy plus: You know what I mean?

1. It seems to me that every student should have a laptop in school.
  - Kids need to know how to use them.
  - You know what I'm saying?
  - Maybe, on the other hand, they can be distracting.
  - So, school should set internet filter like parental control.
2. I don't think you can listen to music and study at the same time.
  - You can't concentrate with music on. You know?
  - I know what you mean, but Music helps you concentrate.
  - When I'm coding software, I sometimes listen to music.
  - Because coding software is sometimes like work out,
    I can focus on coding as listen to music.
3. They should ban cell phones from restaurants. People take business calls and everything.
  - It's really annoying. You know what I mean?
  - That's true. It's important to be able to take business calls, though.
  - It's annoying when I have lunch with my family.
  - Some business people take lunch meeting, though.
4. I guess we won't need books much in the future. Everything is online now.
  - We use the Internet for most things. You know?
  - I'm not so sure. Books will always be more popular. Don't you think so?
  - I don't know, but a sheet will be developed to achieve a paper texture in the future.

### 3. Listening and strategies: Technology matters

#### A. Listen to Karin and Sam. How would Karin answer these questions?

1. Do you know what to do when a computer freezes up?
  - You need to clean up your files using a program for cleaning them up.
2. What's one of the nice things about using technology?
  - I can work flexibly.
3. How can technology help you be flexible?
  - I can leave work early, do work at home.
4. Does it bother you if a friend you're with is always texting someone else?
  - No, it doesn't bother me. I can text and listen at the same time.
5. What's one thing that annoys you about technology?
  - Playing music aloud is annoying me.


* Sam: Oh no. My laptop just has frozen up again.
  - Do you know why it does that, Karen?
* Karin: Huh, I wonder if you need to clean up your files and stuff.
  - You can download the program to do that.
  - I use one, though, I can't remember how much it was.
  - It wasn't expensive.
* Sam: Technology is great when it works.
  - But when it doesn't, it drives me crazy.
  - Usually because I have no idea what to do.
* Karin: Yeah, I don't know what I do without my laptop, though.
  - If I had worked from my office all the time, I'd hate it.
  - I hate working at desk all day.
  - You know what I mean?
* Sam: Oh yeah. Though, I guess it's not always good to take work with you everywhere.
  - Sometimes I feel pressure to check my work e-mails even when it's my day-off.
  - And it's kind of addictive.
  - You'll end up checking messages late at night, and everything.
* Karin: I know what you mean.
  - But it's nice to be flexible.
  - Leave work early, do work at home, you know what I'm saying?
* Sam: Maybe. On the other hand, it's probably better to separate work from your free time.
  - I mean it's like when you hang out with your friend and they're texting all the time.
  - And you'll trying to have a conversation.
  - It's really annoying.
* Karin: I don't know. It doesn't bother me.
  - I can text and listen at the same time.
* Sam: Really? OK. So, my laptop is running again.
  - So, can you remember which program you used?
  - I'll look it up.
* Karin: Um. Typing clean up my computer.
* Sam: OK. So, yeah. I have another friend.
  - And she like always has her headphones on listening to music on her tablet.
  - And I'm like take them off.
* Karin: Wow, it's better than playing music aloud.
  - Now that's annoying.

#### B. Listen again to three of Sam's opinions. Do you agree or disagree? Write responses.

##### 1. Technology is great when it works.
But when it doesn't, it drives me crazy.
Usually because I have no idea what to do.

* my response
  - I agree with that.
  - I think it should always work, but it's not always actually.
  - And I have no idea why it doesn't work and what I should do to fix it.

##### 2. It's not always good to take work with you everywhere.
Sometimes I feel pressure to check my work e-mails even when it's my day-off.
You'll end up checking messages late at night, and everything.

* my response
  - I don't agree with that.
  - Originally, email is not used for urgent things.
  - If a person sent email you for asking something, the deadline will be up to you.
  - If a person sent email you for asking something in spite of it's urgent,
    it's the person's fault. It's not your fault.
  - Moreover, I want to work when I want to and where I want to.
  - It's not important how many hours I work.
  - What I did or created is important.

##### 3. It's probably better to separate work from your free time.

* my response
  - I don't agree with that, but I know what he means.
  - I think, he said that because he gets some stress from his work,
    so he doesn't want to think about work at free time.
  - However, if he could enjoy his work he doesn't say that, I think.

#### C. Discuss the questions in Exercise A above. Do you and your partner agree?
