+++
title =  "2020-10-30: English"
date = 2020-10-30T09:39:22+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 10/30 lesson

**Idioms Number and Quantity**

### Idioms and the examples

#### at least, at most

* I want to sell my keyboard at least fifty dollars, 
    however it will be twenty dollars at most.
* It will take at least 20 minutes to get there,
    however I have only 15 minutes at most until the exam.

#### be left

* Only five minutes are left, I have to finish it though.
* Only ten minutes were left until the meeting, however I was not ready yet.

#### or so, a drop in the bucket

* I need a hundred thousand dollars or so to buy a house.
* It is a drop in the bucket for a rich man, I guess.
* I had only a thousand yen or so in cash at that time,
    I needed to pay for it with my credit card.
* Even if you left here just now, your effort will be a drop in the bucket.

#### a number of

* I wanted to ask a number of questions about the problem, 
    however three minutes at most were left.
* Every decision has a number of reasons.

#### the lion's share

* The lion's share of patients who were infected with coronavirus is old.
* The glass manufacturer owns the lion's share of Japanese market.

#### all told

* All told, the number of deaths from coronavirus has already gone over a million.
* The travel cost a million yen or so, all told.

#### pile up

* Many things to do will piled up, if you keep playing around.
* It wasn't long time before my tasks were piled up.

#### come up short

* I bought a lot of things this month, so I came up short.
* He always comes up short because of his debt.

- - -

## Today

I worked from home today as usual.
Today I would have taken a class at five or seven o'clock.
However you're a popular teacher, aren't you.
I can use my work time relatively freely.
So, I can have your class now, after this class I will go back to work.

## Speaking: 4-46 

### Try.1

1. His present will make her happy.
2. I've never seen such a big dog.
3. There were a lot of/**many** books in his room.
4. She felt the house shake.
5. I wanted Emily to make/**cook** lunch.
6. The man who spoke to her was very handsome.
7. I was very tired that day.
8. Mary liked listening to ~~classic~~ **classical** music.
9. My uncle often goes to the sea ~~for enjoying~~ **to enjoy** fishing.
10. Why did Robert have to call her?

### Try.2

1. My uncle often goes to the sea to enjoy fishing.
2. The man who spoke to her was very handsome.
3. There were many books in his room.
4. I wanted Emily to cook lunch.
5. I've never seen such a big dog.
6. She felt the house shake.
7. Mary liked listening to classical music.
8. I was very tired that day.
9. His present will make her happy.
10. Why did Robert have to call her?

## Breaking News: UK government votes against free meals for poorer children

The UK government voted against giving poor children free school lunches during the school holidays. Only five politicians in the ruling Conservative party voted to help poorer children with a daily lunch. A huge majority of the government voted against the weekly $20-perchild food voucher. The government is now under pressure to make a U-turn. It made a U-turn in the summer over free school meals. The Manchester United footballer Marcus Rashford started a successful campaign to get the government to reverse its decision not to provide school lunches for poorer children during the coronavirus pandemic. Mr Rashford has started another campaign to pressure the government into another U-turn.

The UK government is under growing pressure to Uturn. The British public is furious that politicians are refusing to provide the food vouchers. For many children, the voucher would mean getting their only proper meal of the day during the holidays. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said he would not U-turn. He said: "I totally understand the issue of holiday hunger". Many people on social media said Mr Johnson does not understand hunger because he comes from a wealthy family and has always had money. People are angry COVID-19 track-and-trace consultants are paid over $8,000 a day but children cannot have a $20 food voucher. Many stores across the UK are banning politicians from their businesses.

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - I don't understand the politicians in the UK voted against the law.
    - I guess they don't want to spend much money for it.
    - Because they have already used money for the pandemic.
    - Therefore, they voted the against it. I don't think it's good, though.
* b) What do you think the UK government will do?
    - I think the UK government will give the voucher for poor children eventually. 
    - Because most British want the UK government to do that.
    - The government will have no choice to do it.
* c) What did you have for lunch when you were at school?
    - I took a lunch box when I was a student, 
    - It made by my mother every morning.
* d) Why do rich politicians say they understand poor people's lives?
    - Because they want to make a excuse for voting against the law, I guess.
    - However, they don't understand it at all.
* e) What do you think of wealthy politicians?
    - I don't care about politicians' wealth.
    - I do care their performance as politicians.
    - I expect for them to make laws which make us happy.
* f) Should track-and-trace consultants be paid $8,000 a day?
    - I don't know about what they're doing as track-and-trace consultants.
    - So, I have no idea whether or not the job worths for $8,000 a day.
* g) Are businesses right to ban politicians?
    - No, they aren't.
    - But I can understand they did that.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the UK government?
    - I want to ask them whey they voted against that.
    - I'm sure that they do know how important it is.
    - The politicians who voted against that will have to face the problem in the next election.

