+++
title =  "2020-05-09: News"
date = 2020-05-09T15:59:51+09:00
tags = ["news", "vocabulary"]
featured_image = "https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/660/cpsprodpb/FF54/production/_112046356_061068951.jpg"
description = "tackling climate change vs. promoting economic recovery"
+++

## Climate change: Could the coronavirus crisis spur a green recovery?

I'm thinking about Ms. Greta Thunberg, a environment activist, reading the article below.

* [Climate change: Could the coronavirus crisis spur a green recovery?](https://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-52488134)

The drop in traffic due to corona virus is a major contributor
to the fall in planet-warming CO2 emissions we've witnessed globally.
Most people think climate change is as serious as coronavirus.

So, people will try to avoid using public transport system for fear of infection, and
a plan of building road will be quit.
Instead of that, government will pay for improving broadband or
building paths for pedestrians and cyclists.
That is, governments might not try to prop up old, dirty industries any more.
However, the issue is causing contortions among politicians
torn between saving existing jobs and conserving the planet.

As Greta Thunberg have pushed forward the legal complaint at the UN against countries
they accuse of endangering children’s wellbeing through the climate crisis.

From now on, the conflicts will be fierce between groups trying to prevent climate change and
those trying to promote economic recovery, I guess.
I think, we should compromise of that.
Because if we couldn't earn money from job, we couldn't keep living.
It's good for all people to get a job where a company's trying to reduce carbon emissions.
However, not all jobs will help reduce carbon emissions.

### Vocabularies I didn't know

* spur
    - to encourage someone or make them want to do something
    - to make an improvement or change happen faster
* emission
    - a gas or other substance that is sent into the air
* harness
    - to control and use the natural force or power of something
* feisty
    - having a strong determined character and being willing to argue with people
* wren
    - a very small brown bird
* chirp
    - if a bird or insect chirps, it makes short high sounds
* intertwine
    - if two situations, ideas etc are intertwined, they are closely related to each other
* muffle
    - to make a sound less loud and clear, especially by covering something
* insistent
    - demanding firmly and repeatedly that something should happen
    - making a continuous pattern of sounds that is difficult to ignore
* rumble
    - to make a series of long low sounds, especially a long distance away from you
    - to make slowly along while making a series of long low sounds
* din
    - a loud unpleasant noise that continues for a long time
* extinguish
    - to make a fire or light stop burning or shining
    - to make an idea or feeling stop
* witness
    - to see something happen, especially a crime or accident
    - to experience important events or changes
* dominance
    - the fact of being more powerful, more important, or more noticeable than other people or things
* consequence
    - something that happens as a result of a particular action or set of conditions 
* ambience
    - the qualities and character of a particular place and the way these make you feel
* stark
    - very plain in appearance, with little or no colour or decoration
* bail out
    - to do something to help someone out of trouble
* impose
    - if someone in authority imposes a rule, punishment, tax etc, they force people to accept it
* conjecture
    - when you form ideas or opinions without having very much information to base them on 
* offset
    - if the cost or amount of something offsets another cost or amount,
        the two things have an opposite effect so that the situation remains the same
* shun
    - to deliberately avoid someone or something
* seize
    - to take hold of something suddenly and violently
* crunch
    - a noise like the sound of something being crushed
    - a difficult situation caused by a lack of something, especially money or time
* savage
    - if an animal such as a dog savages someone, it attacks them and injuries them badly
    - to criticize someone or something very severely
* desperate
    - willing to do anything to change a very bad situation, and not caring about danger
    - needing or wanting something very much
    - a desperate situation is very bad or serious
* prop up
    - to prevent something from falling by putting something against it or under it
    - to help an economy, industry, or government so that it can continue to exist, especially by giving money
* contortion
    - a twisted position or movement that looks surprising or strange
* contentious
    - causing a lot of argument and disagreement between people 
    - someone show is contentious often argues with people
* qualify
    - to have the right to have or do something, or to give someone this right 
* trajectory
    - the curved path of an object that has been fired or thrown through the air
    - the events that happen during a period of time, which often lead to particular aim or result
* indiscriminate
    - an indiscriminate action is done without thinking about what harm it might cause
* dogmatic
    - someone who is dogmatic is completely certain of their beliefs and expects other people to accept them without arguing
* resort to
    - to do something bad, extreme, or difficult because you can't think of any other way to deal with a person

## Greta Thunberg and children's group hit back at attempt to throw out climate case

However, now people who face coronavirus can't pay attention to environmental problems, I guess.

* [Greta Thunberg and children's group hit back at attempt to throw out climate case](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2020/may/05/greta-thunberg-and-childrens-group-hit-back-at-attempt-to-throw-out-climate-case)
* [Young people face 'altered world', say lawyers for child climate case](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-climate-change-lawsuit-youth-trfn/young-people-face-altered-world-say-lawyers-for-child-climate-case-idUSKBN22H2R5)

