+++
title =  "2020-05-20: News"
date = 2020-05-20T09:00:00+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/660/cpsprodpb/17E5B/production/_112338879_gettyimages-1204808423.jpg"
description = "Coronavirus vaccine"
+++

I've read some news about medicines and vaccine for corona virus. 

Fortunately, we have two medicines and one hopeful vaccine.
The article said that the first corona virus vaccine to be tested in people 
appears to be safe and effective in the treatment of corona virus.

As a result, people, especially investors expect quick recovery from corona virus damage,
so, stock value have been arising.
In addition, each governments has been lifting restrictions gradually.
It's just like the crisis of corona virus is going away recently.
It's understandable that people are optimistic about the corona virus and the future.

On the other hand, I can't be much optimistic about corona virus.

Because one of the medicines, Anti-flu Avigan
isn't showing apparent efficacy in corona virus treatment.
And another medicine, anti-viral Remdesivir
is still in question in its effectiveness against corona virus.
A US study said it's effective, on the other hand a China study said it's not at all.
The difference might be come from race of people who is tested, or lack of number of testing.
Nobody knows yet now.
Finally, about the vaccine, many vaccine experts raise questions about the vaccine
because of none of significant data to show effectiveness that the biotech company should release.

That is, there is no corona virus protection right now 
other than wearing a mask and washing hands.
In other words, nothing has been changed from the beginning of this pandemic.

Furthermore, I can be more pessimistic.
From 200,000 to 500,000 people are killed by flu every year all over the world.
Now, Corona virus killed 320,000 people.
There will be both flu and corona virus this winter.
Moreover there is no medicine and vaccine against corona virus.
Hospital might be overrun by those virus and other many patients will be died.

On the other hand, I can be little optimistic about corona virus.
We all are learning how to get along with corona virus 
wearing a mask, washing my hands and working from home, I think.
I hope that the world will continue to recover gradually.
