+++
title =  "2020-12-11: English"
date = 2020-12-11T09:41:57+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 12/11 lesson

### vocabulary

#### urbanisation
to build houses, towns etc in the countryside

* Rapid urbanization causes a lot of problems.

#### quota
an official limit on the number or amount of something that is allowed in a particular period

* Japan have now set quota for fishing to prevent overfishing.

#### demise
the end of something that used to exist

* The demise of dinosaur is still mystery.

#### equestrian
relating to horse-riding

#### lead-up
the things that are done in the time before an important event

- - -

## Phrasal verbs: Part 1

### 007. break into school

* I heard some kids broke into school yesterday.
* Yes, one of them was my son. He's such a troublemaker!

- The robber broke into the bank.

### 008. break into laughter

* Mr.Shimura passed away due to coronavirus.
* I'm so sorry for that. We used to break into laughter at his comedy.

### 009. break off a presentation

* Why did she break off the presentation right in the middle?
* She seemed to have forgotten what she wanted to say.

- I succeeded to finish the presentation not breaking off it.

### 010. break off an engagement

* I haven't seen John and Jasmine together lately.
* They broke off their engagement last month!

- John and Jasmine shouldn't have broken off their engagement, I think.

### 011. war breaks out

* I heard civil war broke out in the Middle East.
* Not again! I can't believe how many innocent lives have already been lost.

- A war between China and America is about to break out, I'm scary of it.

### 012. break out in a rash

* Your skin is breaking out in a rash. You should go see your doctor.
* I've never had this symptom before. I'll call for an appointment tonight.

- The comedian's skin often breaks out in a rash, he tell jokes about it.

### 013. break up with my girlfriend

* I saw your girlfriend sobbing in the street.
* I know why. I just broke up with her.

- She an I broke up with each other due to something.

### 014. break up a fight

* Look at Jesee and Paul. They seem to be having an argument.
* Let's go break up the fight before it gets worse.

- Japan ought to break up the fight between China and America.

- - -

## News: S.Korea, China clash on social media over kimchi - 3rd December, 2020

China and South Korea are arguing over a pickled food. The two countries are in a dispute over a savoury pickled cabbage dish.  China is trying to win an international certificate for pao cai, a savoury vegetable dish from Sichuan province.  However, South Korean officials are angry about this. They say this dish is too much like kimchi - perhaps the most famous food in South Korea.  Kimchi is a staple in Korean cuisine. It is a traditional dish of salted and fermented vegetables, such as cabbage and Korean radish. It is made with a wide variety of seasonings, including chilli powder, spring onions, garlic, ginger, and salted seafood. Pao cai is a pickle, usually made using cabbage, mustard, peppers and ginger.

South Korea is angry that China says it has won certification from the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) for its kimchi making process. South Korean officials say pao cai, "has nothing to do with kimchi". They added: "We need to understand that pao cai is different from kimchi." People in Korea are angry that China is trying to claim the standard for the kimchi-making process.  A professor in Korea said: "China lacks efforts to understand the culture and history of surrounding nations." On social media in China, people said most kimchi eaten in South Korea is made in China.  One person wrote: "Even the pronunciation of kimchi originated from Chinese."

### Discussion

* a) What do you know about kimchi?
    - I know that Kimuchi is a hot and savoury fermented vegetables.
    - However, I don't know how to cook Kimuch.
    - I always order an assortment of Kimuch at a Korean BBQ restaurant.
    - I like Kimuch especially one made from radish.
* b) What do you know about Korean food?
    - I know that Kimuchi, Korean BBQ, Bulgogi, Japchae, Chijimi, Sampgyeopsal, Sundubu, and so on.
    - I like those Korean food.
    - In addition, I have been to Busan, South Korea when I was at university.
    - The Lab has a study abroad student from South Korea.
    - He showed us round South Korea.
* c) How much do you like savoury food?
    - I like savoury food very much, not only Korean food but also Mexican food.
* d) What are the staple dishes of your country?
    - The staple dishes of my country are Sushi, Tempura, Sukiyaki, Ramen, and so on.
* e) What are your favourite seasonings?
    - Wasabi is one of the favourite seasonings.
    - It makes greasy food less greasy and I like the flavor.
    - I use Wasabi for Sushi, Sashimi, grilled beef, Soba, and etc.
* f) What do you think of salted seafood?
    - I'm not a big fan of salted seafood.
    - Because I can't feel the taste much when it's too salted.
    - For instance, too much anchovy, Kimuchi, or Shiokara is too salted.
    - Therefore, I'm not good with salted food.
    - However, I think that it's good for using a little salted food.
* g) What food can you make using cabbage?
    - I can make Motsu Nabe, Takoyaki, and Okomiyaki using cabbage.
    - I like them and it's easy to cook them.
* h) What do you think of garlic?
    - I love it, I like the smell of garlic.
    - It makes me hungry, I feel.

### Vocabulary

* dispute
  - a serious argument or disagreement
* staple
  - a food that is needed and used all the time
