+++
title =  "2020-09-22: English"
date = 2020-09-22T20:18:28+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-21 Training 21

### Try.1

1. I know all of them.
2. She was doing ~~the~~ **her** homework in her room at that time.
3. The movie that we watched last week was very interesting.
4. When did it begin to snow?
5. She will ~~not ever~~ **never** forget the man ~~who~~ she met at the party.
6. Is ~~the~~ **that** old man his grandfather?
    - Yes, he is.
7. This is the poem that the famous poet wrote.
    - This is a poem written by a famous poet.
8. Is her husband rich?
    - No, he isn't.
9. ~~A~~ **The** girl riding the horse is Emily.
10. This is the most interesting movie that I've ever watched ~~so far~~.

### Try.2

1. She was doing her homework in her room at that time.
2. Is her husband rich?
    - No, he isn't.
3. When did it begin to snow?
4. She will never forget the man ~~who~~ she met at the party.
5. This is a poem written by a famous poet.
6. Is that old man his grandfather?
    - Yes, he is.
7. The move we watched last week was very interesting.
8. This is the most interesting movie I've ever seen.
9. I know all of them.
10. The girl riding the horse is Emily.

## Writing: 20th September, 2020 - Thai parks mail litter back to tourists

### Discussion

* a) What do you think of litterbugs?
    - Litterbugs are garbage themselves.
* b) What do you do with your litter?
    - I take my litter home back when there is no bins.
    - Because I would feel guilty if I threw litter away.
* c) Do you tell someone if you see they have dropped litter?
    - No, I don't.
    - Because, They must be so crazy that they may be aggressive to me if I do that.
    - I want to keep distance such a crazy guys.
* d) How much litter is there in your town?
    - I suppose that it's a huge amount of litter in my town.
    - Because my town is a tourist destination in Kanto region.
    - For example, it has a famous beach, island and aquarium.
    - Therefore, there are always many tourists.
    - Some of them are litterbugs actually.
    - So, my town is having some trouble about litter, I think.
* e) What do you think of Thailand's litter policy?
    - It's very good policy.
    - Because we are responsible for our rubbish and
      it's good to teach litterbugs about that.
* f) How do you feel when you see litter?
    - I feel bad.
    - When I think that there are some people who don't care about hurting someone or environment,
      I feel sad and angry.
* g) What should the fine be for littering?
    - Litterbugs should pay for littering.
    - Because the litter may hurt the nature terribly.
    - For example, it may kill insects, animals, trees and flowers.
    - Therefore, the amount of fine should be large enough that they will never want to do it again.
* h) Should people go to prison for littering?
    - No, they shouldn't.
    - Because it's worthless for them to go to prison.
    - They should pick up litter for a week as community service.
    - And then, the town will be clean and they will be careful not to litter.

### Vocabulary

* litterbug
    - someone who drops paper, cans etc on the ground in public places
* take a stand on
    - to state your opinion clearly and not be persuaded to change it 
* strewn
    - to scatter things around a large area
* warden
    - a person who is responsible for a particular place and whose job is to make sure its rules are obeyed
* offend
    - to make someone angry or upset by doing or saying something that they think is rude, unkind etc.
* offender
    - someone who is guilty of a crime
* hefty
    - big and heavy
* fine
    - money that you have to pay as a punishment
* eyesore
    - something that is very ugly, especially a building surrounded by other things that are not ugly
* track down
    - to find someone or something that is difficult to find by searching or looking for information in several different places
* reunite
    - to come together again or to bring people, parts of an organization, political party, or country together again
* refuse
    - waste material that has been thrown away
* digest
    - to change food that you have just eaten into substances that your body can use

