+++
title =  "2020-09-17: English"
date = 2020-09-17T09:08:25+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-19 Training 19

### Try.1

1. Tom is the youngest among the three.
    - Tom was the youngest of the three.
2. Those children are very smart.
3. Treat Betty kind.
    - Be nice to Betty.
4. Why did you tell your wife such a thing?
    - Why did you say such a thing to your wife?
5. France is the contry where my wife wants to go.
6. I read this book twice. 
7. She is ~~the~~ one of singers ~~who~~ I like.
8. When she read the book, she felt very happy.
9. Does he go to the ~~shop~~ **store** everyday?
    - Yes, he does.
10. That beautiful woman is Bob's mother.
    
### Try.2

1. I read this book twice.
2. When she read ~~this~~ **the** book, she felt very happy.
3. Those children are very smart.
4. Be nice to Betty.
5. That beautiful woman is Bob's mother.
6. France is the country where my wife wants to go.
7. Tom ~~is~~ **was** the youngest of the three.
8. Why did you say such a thing to your wife?
9. Does he go to the store every day?
    - Yes, he does.
10. She is one of the singer**s** I like.

## Review 09/11 lesson again

### Vocabulary

* mouth-watering, proposition, bold, and holidaymaker

Some airlines will be bankrupt unless medicines and vaccines are developed soon.
If the crisis has gone, most airlines will make bold and mouth-watering propositions for holidaymakers, not to get bankrupt.

## Writing: 23rd February, 2020 - Big breakfasts help us burn double the calories

### Summary

...

### Discussion

* a) What do you think of your weight?
* b) How important is a big breakfast?
* c) Have you ever been on a diet?
* d) Is a big breakfast or big dinner better?
* e) What is the best breakfast?
* f) Do you worry about the number of calories you consume?
* g) Should we eat what we want to and be happy?
* h) Why are high-calorie foods so tasty?

## How am I doing today?

I worked from home as usaul.
Nothing special.
Last week, I went to surfing.
There were good waves to surf and I enjoyed it.
What did you do something special in these days?
