+++
title =  "2020-11-24: English"
date = 2020-11-24T12:00:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 11/24 lesson

### Homework: make sentences using at least 4 phrasal verbs about cleaning

When I was a child, I was not good at clearing up my room. Contrarily, my mother is neat and tidy, so she couldn't stand my dirty room. Thus, she often told me to tidy up my room and sweep it up at least once a week.
Now I am better organized than before. I always hang up my jacket when I come back, so my clothes are never jumbled up on the floor or the bed. In addition, my Roomba, which is a autonomous robotic vacuum cleaner, sweeps up my room every day.
A clean and tidy room livens up my feeling so that I can work from home comfortably.

### Additional working 1

Nowadays, there are so many robots in the house. For example, there is a vacuum cleaner like Roomba of iRobot Corporation. I have one. It can sweep up a room. However, if you want to use it, you have to tidy up your room first. You should put your clothes which are jumbled up in your drawers or hang them up because a vacuum cleaner can't clear up your clothes. Anyway the vacuum cleaner is useful and helpful for us.

### Additional working 2

I clean up the sink every day, but the sink sometimes is clogged up. I don't like it. Beside that, I don't like also using up dishwashing soap.
A clean kitchen livens up my wife who is cooking.

### Vocabulary

#### clear up
to make a place look tidier by putting things back where they belong

#### sweep up
to clean the dust, dirt etc from the floor or ground using a brush with a long handle

#### tidy up
to make a place look tidy

#### jumble up
a lot of different things mixed together in an untidy way, without any other

#### hang up
to hang clothes on a hook etc

#### clogged up
to block something or become blocked

#### use up
to use all of something

#### liven up
to become more exciting, or to make an event become more exciting

#### show up
to arrive, especially at the place where someone is waiting for you

#### saliva
the liquid that is produced naturally in your mouth

- - -

## Speaking: 4-63

### Try.1

1. I will study until I pass the exam.
2. She has a friend whose father is a pilot.
3. Is this red dress more expensive than that green one?
4. What do you want to eat for dinner?
5. Does your father often go fishing?
    - Yes, he does.
6. ~~Write a letter to her as early as you can.~~
    - **Write to her as soon as possible.**
7. I'm hungry as much as you.
    - I am as hungry as you.
8. She was so beautiful that many men proposed to her.
9. Have you ever drunk~~en~~ this wine so far?
    - No, I haven't.
10. Why did she feel happy ~~at that time~~ **then**?

### Try.2

1. Have you ever drunk this wine?
    - No, I haven't.
2. I will study until I pass the exam.
3. She has a friend whose father is a pilot.
4. I am as hungry as you.
5. Does your father often go fishing?
    - Yes, he does.
6. What do you want to eat for dinner?
7. She was so beautiful that many men proposed to her.
8. Write to her as soon as possible.
9. Why did she feel happy then?
10. Is this red dress more expensive thant that green one?

- - -

## Writing: Part2 (79, 80, 81)

79. Reject your friend’s request with a plausible reason because she/he is asking for funding for a new business.
  - It sounds nice and thank you for your invitation to your business,
    but unfortunately, I can't fund your business.
  - As I'm planning to buy a house right now, so I need money.
80. Ask to change your table in a restaurant because the next table is very noisy.
  - Could you please change our seat?
  - Because we would like to have dinner quietly.
81. Advice to encourage your good friends who have a broken heart.
  - Don't cry. Let's go for drinking.

### Vocabulary

#### plausible
reasonable and likely to be true or successful

- - -

## Writing: Researchers want to 'correct' Japanese English - 21st November, 2020

There are many types of English around the world. Some wellknown varieties in Asia include Chinglish in China, Singlish in Singapore and Japanese English. A group of language experts in Japan is troubled by how the government uses English. In particular, it says the government uses computer or online translation too much. Researchers say many translations create strange and confusing words and expressions. Many of these are confusing to English speakers. The researchers worry this could have a negative impact on Japan's tourist industry. They even say the increasing amount of unsuitable words is becoming a "national embarrassment" in Japan.

The researcher team says computer software gives odd or incorrect translations for individual kanji - the Chinese characters used in Japanese writing. There are many examples of this, including "Hello Work" - the name for job centres, and "Go To Travel" a plan to help tourism in Japan during the COVID-19 pandemic. The team says software creates, "unintentionally funny translations that could easily be corrected if they were just checked by an English speaker". Businesses also create this English. The Christmas message being used by the Seibu Sogo department store has raised eyebrows. It says "Stay Positive." Many people believe this is the wrong thing to say during coronavirus and "Stay Happy" would be better.

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
  - I think Japanese should study English more.
  - In addition, I should study English harder.
  - Because Japanese population is decreasing year by year and
    this trend will continue for a long time to come.
  - Therefore, Japanese will have to go abroad to work or live.
  - That is to say, Japanese will need English than before.
* b) Have you ever made a big or funny mistake translating English?
  - I've ever made a lot of mistake translating English.
  - So, I don't remember all of them.
* c) What do you think of the name 'Hello Work' for a job centre?
  - It's no problem, I think.
  - It's a weird name of course, however Japanese like personifying everything.
  - In a word, Japan government personified a job centre as "Work".
  - Therefore, 'Hello Work' is OK and we just greet to Mr.Work.
* d) What do you think of the tourism slogan 'Go To Travel'?
  - It's terrible, I feel.
  - I think even Japanese middle school students will realize it's wrong English.
* e) What was the last thing to happen that raised your eyebrows?
  - I don't remember it.
  - Because there were so many things that raised my eyebrows.
* f) What do you think of the 'Stay Positive' Christmas message?
  - It's no problem, I think.
  - I know what the author wants to say
    because 'Positive' means to be infected with coronavirus.
  - However, that's overthinking, I feel.
  - I mean if this pandemic didn't happen
    you won't think that 'Stay Positive' mean to be infected with virus.
  - That is, we are too nervous about coronavirus.
* g) What advice do you have for Japan's translators?
  - I have no advice for Japan's translators.
  - Because I'm studying English and I am not an expert for English.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the researchers?
  - I would like to ask the researchers
    what we should do for improving English skill for Japanese.
  - Many people want to speak English,
    nevertheless most of Japanese can't speak English well including me.
  - Therefore I want to know how to study English well.
