+++
title =  "2020-11-13: English"
date = 2020-11-13T09:47:38+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 11/13 lesson: TED

### Vocabulary

#### elaborate: verb
to give more details or new information about something

* It is sometimes boring to elaborate what I do on weekdays, because there is nothing special usually.
* Elaborate about what you can't understand, or I don't say anything.
* I ought to elaborate my opinion to add examples, descriptions or feeling in general conversation.

#### put/poke your nose down in something
to take an interest or get involved in something

* I have put my nose down in computer science since when I was in a university,
    but I still can't say I know the computer science.
* If you put your nose down in surfing once, you would be addicted to it.
* Don't put on your nose down in this, it will make some trouble. 

#### damn
used to emphasize a statement

* Last year I visited England and Scotland, everything was so damn interesting.
* It was damn noise, I couldn't sleep well last night.
* I enjoyed surfing damn well the last weekend.

- - -

## Writing: Part2 (73, 74, 75)

0. What would you go to when you face a problem?
    * I would breath deeply and take some time to think about it when I face a problem.
    * Because I can't deal with it well if I'm upset.
    * For instance, I must fail to handle it when I don't understand the point of the problem.
    * Therefore, I would set me calm down firstly.
73. Who would you go to when you face a problem?
    * I would go to my friend when you face a problem.
    * Because I want to ask my friend some advice.
    * For example, I would ask my friend if you were I what you would do.
    * I rarely ask others any advice, however I sometime feel anxious when I'm worried about something alone.
74. What would you do if a server brought a wrong item in the restaurant?
    * I would tell the server that it isn't my order.
    * I wouldn't be angry with that, because everybody makes mistakes.
    * You can say that even Homer sometimes nods.
    * I don't care mistakes, I really care malicious acts.
75. If you are too busy to have lunch, what would you do?
    * I would have sandwiches if I were too busy.
    * Because I can work whilst eating sandwiches.
    * For instance, I can eat also meat bun or some fruit which I can eat with one hand.
    * However, since I want to have lunch leisurely I would put off the deadline of the work.

- - -

## TED: 8 secrets of success

https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_st_john_8_secrets_of_success

### Summary

"What leads to success?"

1. passion
    - do it for love, not money
2. work
    - have fun working and work hard
3. good
    - practice and practice and practice
4. focus
    - focusing yourself on one thing
5. push
    - push yourself physically and mentally
6. serve
    - serve others something of value
7. ideas
    - listen, observe, be curious, ask questions, problem solve, make connections
8. persist
    - persist through failure and CRAP
    - C: criticism
    - R: rejection
    - A: assholes
    - P: pressure

Pay 4,000 bucks and come to TED, or do the eight things above.

### Vocabulary

* workafrolics
* put your nose down in something
* self-doubt
* privilege

- - -

## Speaking: 4-56

### Try.1

1. His father was tall.
2. Did you take a shower this morning?
    - No, I didn't.
3. Do you know the boy who asked him a question?
4. Does ~~the~~ **that** woman know which car~~s~~ to choose?
5. Did Margaret bake a cake yesterday?
    - Yes, she did.
6. She enjoyed playing tennis with her friends yesterday afternoon.
7. When did Ed and Nancy get married?
8. Do you know when the festival will begin?
9. Tom went to the airport to see his friend **off**.
10. I'm going to call him today.

### Try.2

1. Did you take a shower this morning?
    - No, I didn't.
2. Do you know the boy who asked him a question?
3. Did Margaret bake a cake yesterday?
    - Yes, she did.
4. She enjoyed playing tennis with her friend yesterday **afternoon**.
5. Do you know when the festival will begin?
6. His father was tall.
7. I'm going to call him **today**.
8. Tom went to the airport to see his friend off.
9. Does that woman know which car to choose?
10. When did Ed and Nancy get married?
