+++
title =  "2020-05-25: Touchstone-3 Unit-10 Lesson.C"
date = 2020-05-25T18:54:37+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "public life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-10: What's up?

## Lesson.C: I was wondering ...

### 3. Listening and strategies: Favors at work 

#### 1. Peter
* P: Um, Excuse me. Do you have a minute?
* B: Sure, Um. Hold on, Peter. Let me just finish this email.
* B: All right. What can I do for you?
* P: Well. Do you know the report you ask me to do for tomorrow?
* B: Yes.
* P: Well, Um. I was wondering if I could have a little more time to work on it.
* B: Well, when can you get it to me by?
* P: Would it be all right if I brought it by on Wednesday morning instead of tomorrow?
* B: OK. But I really need it by Wednesday.
* P: Oh, no problem. I just want to do some research on the data.
* B: All right. Well, that's fine. By the way, how is the new assistant ...

#### 2. Sandra
* B: Good afternoon, this is Sal.
* S: Hello, Sal. It's Sandora.
* B: Hi, Sandora. Are you feeling better?
* S: Actually, I still don't feeling very well.
* B: Oh, I'm sorry to hearing that.
* S: Yeah, I was wondering if I could ask big favor.
* B: OK, Sure.
* S: Well, I have a presentation on Friday for the students who are coming to the company.
  - But I'm not going to be able to make it.
* B: Oh, OK. 
* S: And I was wondering if you could meet the students and just run through everything for me.
  - I have all on my computer. I can email it.
* B: Well. I probably won't have time on Friday. But I can ask Lorain to do it.
* S: Oh, OK. Thank you.
* B: Yes, just send Lorain this stuff she needs. 
* S: OK. I will. All right. I'll let you go. I know you're busy.
* B: OK. Feel better. Bye.

#### 3. Joel
* J: Sorry to bother you. I'm just leaving and...
* B: You're leaving early today.
* J: I'm going to visit our customer.
* B: Oh, All right. So, what can I do for you, Joel?
* J: Well, I wanted to ask you if I could take some time off this week, on Friday? 
  - I worked last weekend for a conference, so...
* B: Um. Let's see. Well, we'll have a meeting on Friday.
* J: Oh, we'll do. I don't think I have that on my schedule. Oh, Um. 
* B: And honestly, we're so busy at the moment. So...
* J: OK. I'll just need to catch up on something at home. But I guess I can wait.
* B: Good, All right, I need to get back to my report here.
* J: OK. Have a good evening.

#### 4. Julia
* J: Excuse me. Do you have a minute?
* B: Actually, I'm just about to leave. Is this something quick, Julia?
* J: Yes, I was wondering if you could sign this?
* B: Oh, sure. Is this for your last trip?
* J: Yes, and all the receipts are there. The accounts manager needs this today.
* B: All right. So the total amount is $1,045.67? OK.
* J: Thank you.
* B: You're welcome.

### Asking to colleagues.

1. I was wondering if you could tell the boss that I'll get a day-off today?
  - Because I caught a cold and I don't feel very well.
2. I wanted to ask a favor.
  - I was wondering if I could borrow this device?
  - Because I need this to debug my program.
3. Would it be all right if I went to the conference on Friday?
  - Because it's about Amazon Web Services, so I need it.
4. I was wondering if you could send a sales person an email instead of me?
  - Because I haven't met him, but you have met him many times.
5. I was wondering if you could tell me how to use the device?
  - Because I couldn't have a lecture about it.
