+++
title =  "2020-06-02: News"
date = 2020-06-02T08:19:22+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://media.wired.com/photos/5ed581bf0164ade5f2950d81/master/w_2560%2Cc_limit/business_silicon-wokeness_494325048.jpg"
description = ""
+++

I've read this news below.
Because I've worked from home since pandemic started.
I hate working at office due to a small desk, a cheap chair, and narrow Internet bandwidth.
And of course, I hate also commutes itself.

[Silicon Valley Rethinks the (Home) Office](https://www.wired.com/story/silicon-valley-rethinks-home-office-twitter-slack/#intcid=recommendations_wired-bottom-recirc_819933d1-8e66-429d-b359-56df2c35c3a2_similar2-3)

Tech companies have lured talent with sweet in-office perks:
lavish lunch buffets, beer and wine on tap, and something like that.
But now, the pandemic has shuffled employees out of the office and into their own homes.
Some tech companies are offering a new kind of perk,
like giving fee for employees' home office setup, or giving one Friday off each month. 

Actually, Twitter closed its office in early March and
offered to reimburse all employees for home office expenses,
including desk, chairs, and internet costs.
In addition, two-third of US companies were taking steps
to allow employees to work from home who don't normally do so.
Moreover three-fourths of companies expected that
some of their employees would permanently work remotely in the future.

In Silicon Valley, residential real estate market has for years been propped up
on the salaries of engineers at technology companies, vise versa.
If engineers are free to work wherever they want, it's no reason to stay Silicon Valley.
That could lead not just to a decentralized workforce, but a decentralized tech industry. 

I think that Silicon Valley will be gone.
And something like Silicon Valley which centralize tech industry will be build up on the Internet.
That is, something like inter companies network services might be made in the near future. 

## Vocabularies
* perk: noun
  - something that you get legally from your work in addition to your wages, such as good, meals or a car
* wage: noun
  - money you earn that is paid according to the number of hours, days, or weeks that you work
* ditch: noun
  - a long narrow hole dug at the side of a field, road etc to hold or remove unwanted water
* set in motion
  - to start a process or series of events that will continue for some time
* strive: verb
  - to make a great effort to achieve something
