+++
title =  "2020-10-16: English"
date = 2020-10-16T09:32:08+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 10/16 lesson

#### delicate
a taste, smell, or color that is delicate is pleasant and not strong

#### craving
an extremely strong desire for something

#### marrow
the soft fatty substance in the hollow center of bones

#### greasy
covered in grease or oil = oily

### Vocabulary and Examples using the vocabulary

#### exceed
to be more than a particular number or amount

* My current weight doesn't exceed that one from a month ago.

#### simmer
to boil gently, or to cook something slowly by boiling it gently 

* You simmer a block of beef at low-temperature for a long time and then it will become very soft.

#### savory
a savory smell or taste is strong and pleasant but is not sweet

* I like the savory smell of the roast beaf.

#### drain
to make the water or liquid in something flow away

* Koya Tofu is made from tofu that has been drained water away outside for about one week.

#### crackling
the hard skin on a piece of pig meat when it has been cooked for a long time

* I like crackling, but I don't like soft skin on a piece of pig meat.

### Okonomiyaki

Let me talk about Okonomiyaki and its recipe.
Okonomiyaki is very popular local food in Osaka, Japan.
It's sort of savory pancake or pizza.
Okonomiyaki made with six ingredients basically.
They are cabbage, Japanese yam, flour, eggs, broth and some protein like seafood or thin sliced pork.
First, you shred cabbage and grate Japanese yam.
And then, mix them with flour, eggs, broth and some water.
Second, you heat a frying pan and pour the dough into the pan.
You put some sliced pork on it and wait for about 5 minutes.
Afterwards, you flip over it and cover it with a lid to steam it.
You wait for about 3 minutes and flip over it again.
Finally you put Okonomiyaki sauce and mayonnaise on it.
In addition, you top with a pinch of dried seaweed powder and a pinch of thin sliced dried bonito.
It's ready to eat.

## Today/In these days

It was cloudy and sometimes sunny, so It was comfortable today.
I worked from home today as usual.
Recently I didn't try any new things.
It's too bad, I think.
But I have many things to do, so I want 48 hours a day.

By the way, I want a new iPad with an apple pencil.
Because I think it's useful to learn English.
For instance, I can use marker pen with an apple pencil while reading a textbook.
I have an iPad, it's an old one. So, I can't use an apple pencil.
I can paint a picture or put a tag on a textbook, and manage them as digital data.
Therefore, I can review them later, that is to say, I can study English efficiently.


## Speaking: 4-37

### Try.1

1. I watched TV all day long yesterday.
2. Do they know you well?
    - Yes, they do.
3. What is the strongest animal?
4. It will not be easy to solve this problem.
5. That is the boy I taught English last year.
6. The work must be done today.
7. Where did Tom and John get off the bus?
8. This book is more famous than that one.
9. Has the apple been eaten yet?
10. Has he finished ~~to write~~ **writing** the book **yet**?
    - No, he hasn't.

### Try.2

1. Where did Tom and John get off the bus?
2. Do they know you well?
    - Yes, they do.
3. I watched TV all day yesterday.
4. The work must be done today.
5. This book is more famous than that one.
6. Has he finished writing the book yet?
    - No, he hasn't.
7. Has the apple been eaten yet?
8. What is the strongest animal?
9. It won't be easy to solve this problem.
10. That is the boy I taught English last year.

## Writing: Over-the-counter medicine may shrink brain - 21st April, 2016

* a) What should people do to keep dementia away?
    - 薬を飲みすぎないようにすべき。
* b) What do you do to keep your brain healthy?
    - よく寝ること。新しいことをすること。
* c) Have you ever had any side effects to medicine?
    - ある。睡眠改善薬を飲んだ翌日は身体がとても重く感じた。
* d) What are the differences between drugs and medicine?
    - 違いを知らない。
* e) How safe do you think over-the-counter medicines are?
    - それらの薬は医師が処方する薬よりも成分が薄く効果が弱いので比較的安全だと思う。
* f) Should all medicine be only prescribed by a doctor?
    - そうすべきではない。薬が手に入りにくくなる。
* g) Do you ever take medicine and it doesn't work?
    - はい、あります。睡眠改善薬や花粉アレルギーの薬や便秘薬でありました。
* h) What questions would you like to ask the researchers?
    - 薬が脳を萎縮する前に、その兆候を知ることが出来るのか？

### Vocabulary

* asthma
* impairment
* prescribe
