+++
title =  "2020-10-08: English"
date = 2020-10-08T08:27:43+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Today

It's raining all this week.
Because a typhoon is coming.

## Speaking: 4-32

### Try.1

1. This cake was cooked/**made** by Nancy.
2. They named their daughter ~~as~~ Alice.
3. Yesterday I met him in front of the station. 
    - I saw him in front of the station yesterday.
4. What language is he talking?
    - What is the language he is speaking?
5. Do you think this is a good plan?
6. You don't have to see her.
7. Have they had dinner yet?
    - No, they haven't.
8. She didn't know where ~~she should~~ **to** buy the bag. 
9. This is a good magazine to read on ~~a~~ **the** train.
10. Why did you begin to take picutres of animals?

### Try.2

1. This is a good magazine to read on the train.
2. She didn't know where to buy the bag.
3. What is the language he is speaking?
4. They named their daughter Alice.
5. This cake was cooked by Nancy.
6. Do you think this is a good plan?
7. I met him in front of the station yesterday.
8. You don't have to see her.
9. Why did you begin to take pictures of animals.
10. Have they had dinner yet?
    - No, they haven't.

## Writing: 4th OCtober, 2020 - Caribbean islands offers 'digital nomad' work visa

### Discussion

* a) What do you know about Caribbean Islands?
    - I don't know anything about Caribbean Islands.
    - I know just a movie, "Pirates of Caribbean" that Johnny Depp plays Captain Jack Sparrow.
* b) What would be a luxury holiday for you?
    - Doing nothing in a Island resort is a luxury holiday for me.
    - I mean it's luxury to be able to sleep enough, look at the beautiful sea and take a nap in the hammock.
* c) Where in the world would you like to work?
    - I'd like to work in a Island resort.
    - Because I love the beautiful sea.
    - For example, Ishigaki Islands, Miyako Islands, or Amami Islands. I'd like to work there.
    - I'd like to surf, scuba dive and kayak every day.
* d) What are the good and bad things about visas?
    - The good thing ~~is for safe~~ about visas is that it prevents from criminals coming.
    - The bad thing is that we can't stay and work freely where I want to.
    - I wish every countries would let me go anywhere, because I am not a bad guy.
* e) What are the benefits of being a 'digital nomad'?
    - One of the benefits is that you can work everywhere.
* f) Where is paradise for you?
    - An Island of Okinawa would be paradise for me.
    - Because it's warm and I feel like time flows slowly.
* g) What do you think of 'sun-drenched' beaches?
    - I think it's beautiful.
    - I imagine that the sea shines beautiful in the sun.
* h) Are there any negatives to working in paradise?
    - Yes, there are.
    - Because the paradise may demotivate you to work.
    - For example, surfing, taking a nap in a hammock, or delicious seafood and wine can take away motivation from you.
    - To be honest, I ~~will~~ **would** work only a few days a week in paradise.

    URL: https://hapaeikaiwa.com/2017/03/23/%E3%80%8Cwould%E3%80%8D%E3%81%AE%E6%B4%BB%E7%94%A8%E6%B3%95%EF%BC%88%E7%B7%8F%E3%81%BE%E3%81%A8%E3%82%81%EF%BC%89/

### Vocabulary

* eligible
    - allowed to something or receive something
* sun-drenched
    - a sun-drenched place is one where the sum shines most of the time - used especially in advertisements, magazines, etc. 
* boast
    - to talk too proudly about your abilities, achivements, or possessions
* accommodation
    - a place for someone to stay, live, or work
