+++
title =  "2020-10-26: English"
date = 2020-10-26T09:57:50+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 10/26 lesson

Source: https://wanderwisdom.com/misc/Ten-Basic-Differences-Between-the-USA-and-Europe

### Vocabulary and examples using the vocabulary

#### patriotic:adj (patriotism:noun)

having or expressing a great love of your country

* Rather than I'm not very patriotic, I don't like inflaming people's patriotism. 
* It seems to me that most of American are patriotic.
* I don't have patriotic spirit, but I love my family, friends, and neighborhoods.

#### outspoken (outspokenness: noun)

expressing your opinions honestly and directly, even when doing this might annoy some people

* Most of Japanese criticize others' outspokenness, I like outspokeness.
* On the other hand, outspoken critics may break relationships.
* I will always be in an outspoken manner.

#### critic

someone who criticizes a person, organization, or idea

* A non-government party is always an outspoken critic of the government.
* In my opinion, all of critics can't produce new idea.
* Most of my colleagues postures as a critic about our company's management.

#### obsess

if something or someone obsesses you, you think or worry about them all the time and you cannot think about anything else

* I am obsessed with surfing, it's a lot of fun.
* Forget what you are obsessed with and be relaxed.
* I am sometimes obsessed with what I had a mistake before.

#### chime in

to say something in a conversation, especially to agree with what someone has just said

* I'm not good at chiming in small talk, because I'm usually not interested in it.
* He always chimes in and makes me feel bad.
* She is good at chiming in other's conversation.

### Sentence Starters for Expressing an Opinion in English 

https://www.englishclub.com/vocabulary/fl-giving-opinions.htm

I ought to a variety of sentence starters for expressing an opinion.

* I agree with
* I guess
* To be honest

* I'd say that
* My view is
* It seems to me that

* As I see it
* If you ask me
* It could be said that

* I'll tell you what I think
* In my limited experience
* To my mind

- - -

## Self-Introduction

Good evening, Ms.Raf.  
How are you doing?  
...  
I'm grad to hear that. I'm doing good, too.  
...  

I'd like to introduce myself.  
I'm Naoki Morita.  
I'm residing in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan.  

How about you?

Nice to meet you, too, Ms.Raf.

### Job

I'm a software engineer.  
I majored in information technology at graduate school.  
I've worked in the software and network field for eighteen years.

### English

I began to learn English at MeRISE last May.
I'd like to speak English smoothly and fluently  
for traveling, a job interview and catching up with new technology.

### Goals of English

My goals for learning English have three.
Firstly, I want to enjoy trip to foreign countries, I can't go anywhere now due to pandemic, though.
Secondly, I want to work for international company using English, or work abroad.
Lastly, I need to catch up with new technology so that I need to read technical documents and books,
and to attend to conferences or have online class.
I'd like to enjoy English class to improve my English.

### Marriage

I've got married last March and 
I honeymooned in England, Scotland, Canada and America.  
I had a lot of fun. I want to visit again.
However, my wife blamed me for not being able to relax.
Yeah, I know. Because it was a really busy trip with many moving.
So, when I travel next time, I will stay in one place and have relaxing time.

### usual weekdays

I usually work from home since this March.
It's because of the pandemic.
Pandemic is too bad, however,
I prefer the current working style to before pandemic. 
I don't have to commute to work. It takes one and a half hours for one way.
It was a waste of time and kept giving me stressed.
I don't wanna commute anymore, even after pandemic has gone.
I'm working from home comfortably, now.

### usual weekends

I usually go shopping, and jogging or surfing.
I like surfing.
Because I can feel free by riding waves.
Surfing can relieve my stress.
And it's definitely fun, I enjoy it.

The nearest beach is a 10 minutes bike ride from my apartment.
I always go there for surfing.

## Listening: Unit16

### Mode.1

1. He would like to see something different.
2. The man asked by him recommend the following things.
    1. Holywood
    2. Disney land
    3. Redeo drive
    4. Universal studio
    5. Walkframe of famous actor and actress
3. He decided to tell the visitor about his favorite restaurant.

### Mode.2

1. He would like to see something different.
2. The man asked by him recommend the following things.
    1. Holywood
    2. Disneyland
    3. Shopping on Redeo Drive
    4. Universal studio
    5. Walk of fame
3. He decided to tell the visitor about his favorite restaurant which has a couple of museums.

### Mode.3

1. He would like to see something different because he's been to Los Angeles many times.
2. The man asked by him recommend the following things.
    1. Holywood
    2. Disneyland
    3. Shopping on Redeo Drive
    4. Universal studio
    5. Walk of fame
3. He decided to tell the visitor about his favorite restaurant and a couple of museums.

### Answer

1. He's seen all the famous sights so he'd like to see something different.
2. Hollywood, Disneyland, shopping on Rodeo Drive, Universal Studios, stars of famous actors and actresses on the Walk of Fame
3. His favourite restaurants and a couple of museums that he likes.

## Writing: Part2 (57, 58. 59)

57. How do you prepare for travelling for work?
    - First, I confirm the schedule of the meetings or process in the destination.
    - Secondly, I reserve tickets for airplane or train, and hotels.
    - Thirdly, I look up the timetable of public transportation from or to the airport/station.
    - I prepare a backup plan in case I need to stay there more.
58. How do you prepare for a big presentation?
    - Firstly, I prepare the presentation slides and documents as early as I can.
    - Secondly, I ask my boss and colleagues to review those materials.
    - And then I practice for the presentation in front of my boss and colleagues.
    - Finally I get enough sleep before the presentation.
59. What do you do to get better from a cold?
    - First, I go to see a doctor.
    - According to the doctor, I eat well, take medicine, and get enough sleep.

## Speaking: 42

### Try.1

1. They found a mysterious/**strange** picture in the cave.
2. When she went out, it was cloudy.
3. The girl he likes best is Helen.
4. Your wife will be glad/**happy** to hear the news.
5. Do you know why the teacher ~~was~~ **got** angry?
    - No, I don't.
6. Do you know the girl playing the piano?
    - Yes, I do.
7. ~~The question was easy for me enough to solve.~~
    - The problem was easy enough for me to solve.
8. I don't remember where I put it.
9. He likes studying history.
10. She had to call many people yesterday.

### Try.2

1. Do you know why the teacher got angry?
    - No, I don't.
2. She had to call many people yesterday.
3. Do you know the girl playing the piano?
    - Yes, I do.
4. I don't remember where I put it.
5. They found a strange picture in the cave.
6. Your wife will be happy to hear the news.
7. When she went out, it was cloudy.
8. He likes studying history.
9. The girl he likes best is Helen.
10. The problem ~~is~~ **was** easy enough for me to solve.
