+++
title =  "2020-07-12: News"
date = 2020-07-12T14:10:00+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://miro.medium.com/max/700/1*gpQSSzgx5-WbrGpacJNUhw.jpeg"
description = "Chase experiences that involve enormous rejection with a smile."
+++

I've read this article below.
I don't want to do mistakes about anything, and I don't want to be laughed and looked down on.
but I always do and I'm shamed about that.

[The learning opportunities hiding in our failures](https://www.bbc.com/worklife/article/20200616-the-learning-opportunities-hiding-in-our-failures)

Failure is often seen as a source of shame.
But if we studied and shared our failures, we could learn a lot from them.

The majority were more reluctant to share their focusing failures than successes. 

many of us simply don’t realise how informative failures can be.

however, it can be hard to learn from failures because they hurt your self-esteem,

Actually, “you need to pay extra attention because it’s harder to learn from failure,”

It’s as if anticipating the ways that things could go wrong makes us more receptive to learning from our errors and failures when they inevitably occur.

Of course, thinking about your errors and failures can be demotivating,
especially if you are a perfectionist or feeling low in confidence.
To face up to your mistakes and learn from them,
it’s important not to be overly harsh on yourself.

we have much to gain from regarding failures not just as sources of shame or regret,
but also as richly informative learning opportunities.

There are positive signs this is starting in some organisations. 
“I’m fascinated by a growing trend of companies holding ‘screw-up nights’ – the actual name is a bit more colourful,” says Fishbach.
“They’re essentially consequence-free opportunities for employees to step up to the mic and talk about the mistakes they’ve made on the job.”

It takes courage to admit when you got things wrong,
but if more of us could do it, we would all benefit from the lessons learned.

- - -
We should admire people who try to do new things regardless of whether it's a success or failure.
Especially we should help people who fail challenging things.
When people lose their mind, they become hard on others.
So, I hope that pandemic is calmed down and the economy is better.

- - -

[This Is How You Build Mental Muscle and Progress to the Next Stage of Life](https://medium.com/the-ascent/this-is-how-you-build-mental-muscle-and-progress-to-the-next-stage-of-life-c62d9019a82c)
