+++
title =  "2020-10-02: English"
date = 2020-10-02T09:37:25+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Sepaking: 4-29 Traiing 29

### Try.1

1. I want you to listen to this song once again.
2. ~~Bob's car was out of order in a way to there.~~
    - Bob's car broke down on the way there.
3. That is ~~the~~ **a** chair my son made.
4. I want to take my wife to Paris.
5. You must not smoke here. 
6. Where did your daughter find this book?
7. She will never see them **again**.
8. Call me again ~~over~~ **after** ten o'clock.
9. She meets him once a month.
10. Why can he speak Japanese ~~such~~ **so** well?

### Try.2

1. Bob's car broke down on the way there.
2. She will never see them again.
3. Call me again after ten o'clock
4. I want you to listen to this song again.
5. Where did your daughter find this book?
6. I want to take my wife to Paris.
7. She sees him once a month.
8. You mustn't smoke here.
9. Why can he speak Japanese so well?
10. That is a chair my son made.

## Writing Part2 (29,30,31)

29. What do you do on arrival at work?
    - I turn on my computer first when I start working.
    - And then, I read some emails and reply when I have to.
    - However, I often use collaboration tools like Slack or Microsoft Teams in these days instead of emails.
    - It's useful to have some conversation with colleagues via video meetings and text messaging on the tools.
30. Talk about a shop or restaurant you often go to in your neighborhood.
    - I go to a bar to buy a bottle of sake about once a month.
    - The bar is managed by a brewer that produce a variety of beer and sake.
    - Before the pandemic, I and my wife sometimes went to the bar.
    - However, we don't recently due to the pandemic.
32. Do you own a car?
    - Yes, I do. It's a Subaru's SUV(Sports Utility Vehicle).
    - I and my wife often went to camping and surfing several years ago.
    - However, after we came to Kanto region, we don't.
    - Because there are lots of traffic jam, and it's crowded everywhere.

## Review today's lesson

### What I learned

* When a sound ends in a consonant sound and the next word starts with a consonant that is in a similar position.
    - Behind the teeth
    - At the lips
    - In the throat

### Vocabulary

* faculty
* valedictorian
* phenomenal

### Phrasal verbs

* come back
* drop out

### What I wanted to say but didn't say

It's difficult for me to emphasize some words during speech.
Because emphasizing certain words mean omitting or speaking other words shorter, lower and smaller.
I feel it's tough to prioritize words during speaking.

### Homework

President Bok, / former President Rudenstine,/ incoming President Faust,/
members of the Harvard Corporation and the Board of Overseers,
members of the faculty, parents, and especially, the graduates: //

I’ve been waiting more than 30 years to say this: /
“Dad, I always told you I’d come back and get my degree.” //

I want to thank Harvard for this honor. /
I’ll be changing my job next year … /
and it will be nice to finally have a college degree on my resume. //

I applaud the graduates / for taking a much more direct route to your degrees. /
For my part, I’m just happy that the Crimson has called me “Harvard’s most successful dropout.” /
I guess that makes me valedictorian of my own special class … /
I did the best of everyone who failed. //

But I also want to be recognized as the guy who got Steve Ballmer to drop out of business school. //
I’m a bad influence./ That’s why I was invited to speak at your graduation./
If I had spoken at your orientation, / fewer of you might be here today. //

Harvard was a phenomenal experience for me./ Academic life was fascinating.
