+++
title =  "2020-10-11: English"
date = 2020-10-11T13:51:40+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 10/11 lesson

### /y/ sound linking

#### a

* May I help you?
* Could you say it again, please?
* I don't lay out a map, use a smartphone's app.
* We have to lay over this event indefinitely due to this pandemic.

#### e

* He is very old, but he smokes and drinks.
* She is the best teacher for me.
* We are friends, aren't we.
* I finally agreed with the plan.

#### i

* He asked to help him.
* Why ever did he talk like that?
* I want to fly high up in the sky once.
* Although I try out many idea, I can't work out most of them.

### /w/ sound linking

#### o

* All lights sometimes go out suddenly due to typhoons.
* I used to go on working overnight due to workaholic.
* I don't like guys who show off.
* I go over my notes before the exam.
* I go over the document to write a report.

#### u

* You are so great, I proud of you.
* I check my smartphone too often.
* I want to grow up every day.

## Today

It's a day-off today.
And it's sunny and clody today, not rainy.
It's been raining all this week due to a typhoon.
The typhoon went away without making a landing.
I'm glad there was no damage from the typhoon.

By the way, I got English lessons every day this week.
I wanted to push myself and see how much I could do.
I feel It's tough.

## Speaking: 4-[30-33]

1. They are going to stay at the hotel next week.
2. The boy was pale.
3. How old was he when he wrote that poem?
4. Has that boy become as tall as his father yet?
    - Yes, he has
5. He is always with Tom.
6. I have a lot of things to learn.
7. Don't call her after ten.
8. Who opened the door?
9. I wonder what flower that is.
10. That is the restaurant which opened last month.

1. Let's buy something to drink at that store.
2. Emily may be sick.
3. Do you go to school by bike?
    - Yes, I do.
4. Can her mother speak English?
    - Yes, she can.
5. The house where they live is very big.
6. The woman made a pretty doll for her daughter.
7. Did Mr.Brown make the longest speech?
8. That is a very famous building.
9. Is that the man she wants to meet?
10. They believe that she will come on time.

1. Do you think this is a good plan?
2. What is the language he is speaking?
3. This is a good magazine to read on the train.
4. They named their daughter Alice.
5. You don't have to see her.
6. This cake was cooked by Nancy.
7. Have they had dinner yet?
    - No, they haven't.
8. Why did you begin to take pictures of animals?
9. She didn't know where to buy the bag.
10. I met him in front of the station yesterday.

1. Are they at the library now?
    - No, they aren't.
2. How many books did Tom read last year?
3. Your grandfather is too old to go there.
4. How beautiful this lake is!
5. She had a lot of things to do yesterday.
6. The article written by her was long.
7. Please tell me what she wants.
8. The foreigner I met at the party last night spoke Japanese very well.
9. The dog will be loved by everyone.
10. This is a textbook which is used ~~at~~ **in** many schools.

## Review 10/01 lesson: phrasal verbs 'come'

### come up

1. if someone comes up to you, they come close to you, especially in order to speak to you
    - A surfer came up to me and asked what time it was.
3. if a subject comes up, people mention it and discuss it
    - When a technical subject comes up, engineers tend to be excited.
4. if a problem or difficulty comes up, it appears or starts to affect you
    - When my mother's cancer came up, I was so upset.

### come across

1. to meet, find, or discover someone or something by chance
    - I don't want to come across my colleague on a holiday.
2. if an idea comes across well, it is easy for people to understand
    - His speech really comes across all the audience.

### come down

1. if a price, level etc comes down, it gets lower.
    - The value of the stock haven't come down for thirty years.
3. to fall to the ground
    - A lot of trees came down due to the typhoon.

### come to

1. to decide something, agree on something etc after considering or discussing a situation
    - If I don't come to a decision by tomorrow, the reservation will be cancelled.

## Writing: 10th October, 2020 - English language test suggested for Australia visa

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
* b) Why do you think the proposal is controversial?
* c) Why might the test be seen as racist?
* d) How could you test someone's love for their partner?
* e) What uphill struggles have you faced with English?
* f) What English tests have you taken?
* g) Is the test an unwanted additional burden?
* h) What questions would you like to ask Australia's government?


