+++
title =  "2020-04-02: Touchstone-3 Unit-9"
date = 2020-03-29T11:42:37+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-9: Tech savvy?

#### Lesson.A

* Talk about problems with technology using questions within sentences.

#### Lesson.B

* Describe how things work using separable phrasal verbs like *turn on* and *plug in*.
* Ask for help with technology using how to + verb, where to + verb, etc.

#### Lesson.C

* Give different opinions with expressions like *On the ohter hand*
* Use *You know what I mean?* to ask someone to agree with you

#### Lesson.D

* Read an article about email scrams
* Plan and write an article about protecting personal information

## Pictures

1. top left
  - There is a girl.
  - She wears a knit cap.
  - She is playing video game and enjoying it.
2. top right
  - There is a man.
  - He wears a suit.
  - He's driving whilst seeing a navigation system.
3. bottom left
  - There is a woman and a man.
  - He's taking her picture.
4. bottom right
  - There is a man.
  - He is listening to music on a smartphone.

## Before you begin...

* How tech savvy are you?
  - I'm a IT tech savvy because I'm a software and network engineer.
* How do you use technology in your everyday life?
  - I use Alexa for controlling home electric appliances with voice command.
  - I have my DNS domain and a VPN router and I can access to my home network via Internet.
  - So I can watch my recorded TV program and access to my private data via Internet.
* Are you planning on buying any new electronic devices or gadgets soon?
  - I'm planning on buying new laptop which has higher performance and a larger display.
  - And I'm planning on buying also desktop PC for studying machine learning.

