+++
title =  "2020-09-24: English"
date = 2020-09-24T09:13:57+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 09/21 Lesson

### The Greatest Wealth is Health

You can't do anything if you are unhealthy.
Unhealthiness demotivate you and you can't do even what you like.
Even If you were so rich that you can buy everything, you can't buy your health.
Therefore, people say that the greatest wealth is health.

### Vocabulary

* nutritional
    - relating to the substances in food that help you to stay healthy
* regardless
    - without being affected or influenced by something
* significant
    - having an important effect or influence, especially on what will happen in the future
* induce
    - to cause a particular physical condition
* demotivate
    - to make people less willing to do their job

### Examples of using vocabulary I learned

I'm learning new technology regardless of my task.
For instance, machine learning, automating management software, and a new programing language.
Because they will be significant my tech career, I think.
In addition, it's interesting and fun to learn new technology.
On the other hand, legacy technology demotivate me.
The Pandemic induced me to learn new things.
It god rid of commuting to work and I can have time to learn new things.
This pandemic changes my thinking and my life.

## Speaking: 4-23 Traning 23

### Try.1

1. She wanted to buy ~~the~~ **a** book to read ~~in~~ **on** the train.
2. Were you dancing with Paul?
    - Yes, I was.
3. The dog goes there every day.
4. Nancy ~~runs~~ **ran** as fast as possible.
5. When I met her five years ago, she was able to speak Japanese ~~well~~ much ~~more~~ **better** than now.
6. This is the best **way** to do the work.
7. The book that I put on the desk one hour ago is not there.
8. Whose is this pencil?
9. ~~It has been warming.~~ **It is getting warm.**
10. All ~~of~~ the money was stolen.

### Try.2

1. The dog goes there every day.
2. When I met her five years ago, she was able to speak Japanese much better than now.
3. She wanted to buy a book to read on the train.
4. Were you dancing with Paul?
    - Yes, I was.
5. The book I put on the desk one hour ago is not there.
6. It's getting warm.
7. Whose is this pencil?
8. This is the best way to do the work.
9. Nancy ran as fast as possible.
10. All the money was stolen.

## Writing Part2

10. What is it best memory in the past few months?
    - It it that I built my computer.
    - Since I began to work from home, I had not be able to use a powerful computer, because it is at the office.
    - It took four or five hours to process a certain data handling using my laptop.
    - However, the computer I built reduce the time into fifteen minutes. It's amazing.
12. Which amusement park did you go to recently?
    - I didn't go to an amusement park recently because of the pandemic.
    - Even before the pandemic, I haven't been to an amusement park for a long time actually.
    - Because I don't like crowded places very much.
    - I prefer camping, zip line, karting something like that to an amusement park.
13. What did you think when you first learned English?
    - I learned English first when I was in a middle school.
    - I thought it was so interesting in the beginning.
    - Because I thought I could get to know a lot of things if I could use English.
    - However, as I found that it took a lot of time to be able to use English, I don't like it.
    - I should have enjoyed the process of learning English, not the outcome.
