+++
title =  "2020-08-23: English"
date = 2020-08-23T11:10:34+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

# 1~4. Training-1~4

## Writing

* Does he know where to go?
    - Yes, he does.
* I went to the library yesterday.
* Who cooked this?
    - I did.
* They all know the truth.
* Ellen may be angry.
* Do I have to read the book?
    - Yes, you do.
* How long have you lived in this country?
* They began to sing then.
* My wife wants to go on a trip to Kyoto.
* Would you pass me the salt, please?
    - Sure.
* Would you show us the picture, please?
* I don't why he studies German.
* Didn't you study last week.
    - Yes, I did.
* Does he work here?
    - No, he doesn't.
* Didn't you come here yesterday?
    - No, I didn't.
* Is she your sister?
    - No, she isn't.
* Does you sister often go there?
    - Yes, she does.
* Jump as high as you can.
* Is your son tall?
    - Yes, he is.
* Are most junior high school students taught English in Japan?
    - Yes, they are.
* Is your father a doctor?
    - Yes, he is.
* The teacher likes students who study hard.
* I made him read the book.
* Wasn't he in his room?
    - No, he wasnt't.
* He went to the park to see her.
* He hasn't eaten lunch yet.
* My mother likes singing.
* How tall those boys are!
* They heard her cry.
* At last, he got angry.
* Doesn't he speak Japanese?
    - No, he doesn't.
* She believed that he was rich.
* Study harder, or you will fail the examination.
* Studying foreign languages is interesting.
* Tom is the smartest in the class.
* Bob may still be sleeping.
* How bright that star is!
* How many cups of coffee do you drink a day?
* It must be snowing in New York.
* Does your dog eat fish?

## looking at others' notes

1. 2020/08/22 10:00-11:00, grammar, Nao - Stun
    - on, in, at, since, for. I can't use them correctly very much, I think.
2. 2020/08/22 15:00-16:00, conversation, SOTA - Jeve
    - introducing someone else in both business situations and casual
    - I learned self-introduction, but I'll have the situations that I introduce someone to someone.
3. 2020/08/22 11:00-12:00, grammar, Setsuko - Jeve
    - 5w1h, I need to learn it to explain something.
    - I'm shopping in the supermarket.
