+++
title =  "2020-11-01: English"
date = 2020-11-01T16:25:50+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Writing: Part2 (63, 65, 66)

63. What is your opinion about banning smoking in public?
    - I agree with banning smoking in public.
    - Because smoking gives both smokers and non-smokers bad effects.
    - For instance, if even non-smokers breath cigarette smoke, they may have a cancer.
    - Therefore, smokers must smoke in a smoking room.
65. Do you think your workplace is woman-friendly?
    - I don't think my workplace is woman-friendly.
    - Because most of employees are male and some old guys think that men are superior to women. 
    - For instance, such old guys look down on women.
    - Therefore, my workplace is not friendly for woman very much.
66. How do you feel when you commute on a rainy day?
    - I'm tired when I commute on a rainy day.
    - Because I'm bored and tired of preparing an umbrella and a rain shoes.
    - Furthermore, it takes a long time for drying clothes.
    - For example, when your clothes get wet in the morning, it won't be dried even when you leave the office.
    - Therefore, I don't like commuting on a rainy day.

## Speaking: (42-46)

1. The girl he likes the best is Helen.
2. I don't remember where I put it.
3. Do you know why the teacher got angry?
    - No, I don't.
4. He likes studying history.
5. Do you know the girl playing the piano?
    - Yes, I do.
6. They found a strange picture in the cave.
7. The problem ~~is~~ **was** easy enough for me to solve.
8. When she went out, it was cloudy.
9. She had to call many people yesterday.
10. Your wife will be happy to hear the news.

1. My son hasn't written to me since last year.
2. Many of the poems he wrote ~~was~~ **were** beautiful.
3. We saw the plane take off.
4. Which ring do you want?
5. A lot of wonderful pictures will be painted by him.
6. My husband has been in his room since this morning.
7. Since I had nothing to do yesterday, I went to the sea with my wife.
8. The children playing on the beach look happy.
9. When she read the story, the girl cried.
10. Are there many toys in his room?
    - Yes, there are.

1. There are her father's cars.
2. They want to know what the boy found.
3. Do those children live in this town?
    - No, they don't.
4. What is the most important for you?
5. Does she have many friends?
    - Yes, she does.
6. How kind that policeman was!
7. Did she believe he was a doctor?
    - Yes, she did.
8. He was happy to see his **old** friends.
9. Did he look tired?
10. The man she is going out with is tall and handsome.

1. What time did she get to the station?
2. Is the bike John is riding old?
    - Yes, it is.
3. He didn't know how to explain it.
4. Did you go to the library **yesterday**?
    - No, I didn't.
5. Drink as much water as you can.
6. Do you want to take a break?
7. The party has not begun yet.
8. I don't think he read this article.
9. I saw a beautiful rainbow today.
10. Does your son eat breakfast every day?

1. I wanted Emily to cook lunch.
2. I have never seen such a big dog.
3. I was very tired that day.
4. There were many books in his room.
5. The man who spoke to her was very handsome.
6. She felt the house shake.
7. His present will make her happy.
8. Why did Robert have to call her?
9. Mary liked listening to classical music.
10. My uncle often goes to the sea to enjoy fishing.
