+++
title =  "2020-12-16: English"
date = 2020-12-16T11:08:32+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Phrasal verbs: Part 1

### 026: bring a new album out

* Did you know that he brought a new album out?
* No way! Let's go check it out at the record store!

- Nowadays I don't go to a record store even if my favorite band bring a new album out.
- Because I will buy it online.

### 027: bring out the best

* What did you think about the movie?
* It brought out the best in that actor.

- The advice brought out the best in that boxer.

### 028: bring up children

* How many children do you have?
* I brought up two children. They're both in college now.

- My mother brought up my brother and me. Thank you Mom.

### 029: be brought up in Tokyo

* Where were you brought up?
* I was born in the USA, but was brought up in Japan.

- I was born and brought up at Ise-city in Mie Prefecture.

### 030: bring up another topic

* We only have 10 minutes until the discussion is over.
* Let's bring up another topic before we run out of time. 

- He brought up another topic during I was speaking, it was disgusting.

- - -

## Breaking News: Metal detecting finds ancient treasure in U.K. 15th December, 2020

The British Museum in the U.K. has reported record levels of historical discoveries this year. People have found more than 47,000 objects with metal detectors. Metal detecting is a big hobby in the U.K. Many people go out in the countryside to try and find old coins and other treasure. This year, more people have been metal detecting. This is because of the coronavirus. Metal detecting is a good hobby that means social distancing is very easy. People have been recording their finds on an app on the British Museum's website. The U.K. Culture Minister said: "It is brilliant to see the [app] growing from strength to strength during lockdown thanks to garden discoveries and digital reporting."

The British Museum said people have dug up many exciting and interesting things this year. Perhaps the best find among the new discoveries are two hoards of coins. One of the hoards contained 50 South African solid gold coins found 50 miles northwest of London. The other coin hoard contained gold coins and one silver coin featuring the British kings Edward IV and Henry VIII. Experts believe they were buried in the 16th century. Another find was an ancient Roman furniture fitting made of copper. It featured the face of the god Oceanus and dates to AD 43-200. The British Museum said the app, "ensures finds, important for understanding Britain's past, are not lost but instead recorded".

### Vocabulary

* hoard
  - a collection of things that someone hides somewhere, especially so they can use them later

### Discussion

* a) What do you think of museums?
  - I think it's interesting. I like to visit museums.
  - Because I find something new I have not ever known.
* b) What is your favourite museum?
  - My favourite museum is British Museum.
  - I visited there last year on my honeymoon.
  - I saw a lot of things, for example rosetta stone, mummy, and many old things.
* c) What do you think of metal detecting?
  - That would be interesting.
  - Because I have not done metal detecting.
  - Maybe I can find some metal coins also in Japan.
* d) Have you ever found something valuable?
  - No, I haven't, but I want to find something valuable someday.
  - However, I heard that a person found many ancient Japanese oval gold coins.
  - I envied him, because he became a millionaire overnight.
* e) What do you like to do in the countryside?
  - I like hiking, swimming in river, or camping.
  - I love nature, and I'm not big fan of urban cities.
* f) How important are historical discoveries?
  - They are important for humans, I think.
  - We can learn a lot of things from history to prevent suffering from disasters or wars.
* g) What treasure do you like?
  - I like coins, pots or furniture.
  - Because I can imagine how ancient people live in the far past.
* h) Would you like to visit the British Museum?
  - I'd like to visit there again.
  - Because I didn't have time to see all of exhibits in British Museum.

- - -

## Speaking: 1-10

1. The woman who teaches him English ~~comes~~ **is** from Canada.
2. The classroom is cleaned by **the** students every day.
3. My father is taking a bath now.
4. What did you eat for lunch?
5. Those are Tom's brothers.
6. Was Bob too hungry to study?
7. Have you ever ~~eaten Greece dishes~~ **had Greek food**?
8. His next novel will be shorter than this one.
9. Is your father at home?
  - No, he isn't.
10. My wish is to be with you forever.

1. I have been learning German for three years.
2. Which **on** is his bike?
3. The big rock was moved by the men.
4. Are tigers bigger than lions?
5. This machine is light enough for women to ~~move~~ **carry**.
6. How many doughnuts did he eat?
7. Call Roberts at once.
8. You will be able to meet her tomorrow.
9. That is the tallest building in this town.
10. The man who is going to come this afternoon was ~~the~~ Mr.Brown's student.

1. ~~Can~~ **May** I have this apple?
  - Yes, you ~~can~~ **may**.
2. I don't know how to open this window.
3. The boy who ~~is~~ **has been** running for more than two hours looks tired.
4. ~~How~~ **What** beautiful flowers those are!
5. Do you think she is good at cooking?
6. Whose books are these?
7. This shirt will be too small for him to wear.
8. February is shorter than January.
9. Do you know where Nancy is now?
  - No, I don't.
10. Her name was known to many people.

1. This is one of the most famous ~~story~~ **stories** in the world.
2. Emily wants to buy a new car.
3. Jack is more popular ~~for~~ **among** girls than Tom.
4. I think she is the most careful of the girls.
5. When did he go there?
6. The window was broken by someone.
7. When he went into the room, everyone ~~saw~~ **looked at** him.
8. Nancy was surprised to see him ~~at~~ **in** that store.
9. That country is too dangerous for tourists to visit.
10. The woman is as tall as you.

1. I heard him sing ~~a~~ **the** song.
2. This rock is too big for me to move.
3. She wanted her daughter to come back as soon as possible.
4. This dress looks more expensive than that one.
5. Is this bag his or hers?
  - It's hers.
6. Can you see the girl running in the park?
7. What was shown there?
8. Have you ever heard this song?
  - Yes, I have.
9. The student who studied hard passed the exam.
10. He was able to speak French well ten years ago.
