+++
title =  "2020-01-14: Trip to Aomori for the first time"
date = 2020-01-14T22:00:00+09:00
tags = ["private life"]
+++

I and my wife enjoyed a 3-days trip in Aomori last weekend.
We traveled by train.
I have never taken the Tohoku shinkansen until this time.
I was looking forward to a train lunch box in the Tohoku shinkansen.
Unfortunately, it wasn't sold in the train.
I don't why it wasn't, however, I was disappointed with that.
Probably, Tokyo lunch box isn't popular very much.

Day 1, after four and half hours train, we arrived in Aomori at 1:00 pm.
We lost no time in getting to eat local Aomori food.
We ate Miso-Curry-Milk ramen as lunch.
We've never heard of it, of course, until our friend told me it.
The name doesn't sound tasty at all,
but our friend told us that the ramen is very popular in Aomori-City.
It was almost curry ramen, but I feel miso and milk slightly.
I think miso and milk make the ramen taste mild.
Totally it tastes good.
When we arrived a hotel, we took a hot spring and relaxed.

Day 2, we visited the Nebuta Museum.
Nebuta is one of the most famous summer festival in Japan.
Nebuta is famous for illuminated floats of brave-warriors or Gods.
They were so beautiful and had punch.

After that, we went to a fish market.
We can eat many kinds of fish there.
We buy tickets and receive a bowl of rice and choose fishes to put on the bowl.
We can choose any of fishes in the market.
I chose scallop, shrimp, squid, octopus, tuna, and several fish roes.
We really enjoyed the lunch.

Day 3, we visited A-factory.
It seemed to me that A-factory means Apple factory.
Aomori is famous for an apple.
Aomori people eat many kinds of apple.
Each kind of apple is tasty and different.
At an A-factory, we can enjoy many kinds of apple juice, apple wine, and apple ciders.

This trip was nice totally, absolutely, completely. 
Next time, I want to go there in summer to watch Nebuta festival.
