+++
title =  "2020-01-23: Touchstone-3 Unit-7 Lesson.B"
date = 2020-01-23T19:00:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-7: Relationships
## Lesson.B: Dating

### 1. Building vocabulary and grammar

#### A. High school sweethearts
I have some questions about vocabularies.

"out" of "work out" emphasizes this expression?
If this statement doesn't use "out", does it have the same meanings?

What does "happily ever after" mean?
I think that there is an inconsistency between
"they are now living" and "happily ever after".
Because "they are now living" means the current and "happily ever after" means the future.

#### C.

##### get along: have good relations
I and my wife get along well.
I get along with my wife.

##### move away: move somewhere else
I had moved away from Fukuoka and came to Kanagawa.

##### go away: went somewhere else
My brother went away to America 6 years ago.
He seems to enjoy life in the United States.

##### write back: respond
When I read an email, I write back right away.
I read emails three times a day though.

##### come back: return
My brother's family are going to come back to Japan at this June to update their visa.
It's a temporary visit.

##### fly back: return by airplane
I don't fly back home and I go back home by train.

##### settle down: establish stable life, be quiet
I established stable life due to marriage.

##### grow up: spent their childhood
I have some friends who I spent their childhood with.

##### break up: stop dating, disrupt their relationship
I had broken up with ex-girlfriends because of disable to enjoy together.

##### sign up: apply, reserve
I signed up for the short-stay in Cebu for studying English.

##### turn out: become, change
I though my trip to Scotland would be cloudy,
but it turned out to be sunny.

##### hung out: play
I hung out with a few crowd in high school, a rock band, sports crowd, and nearby crowd.

##### go out: date
I used to date from Fukuoka to Miyazaki with my wife.

##### work out: succeed
Most projects I attended didn't work out because new business is difficult.

- - -

### 3. Speaking naturally: Stress in phrasal verbs

1. Do you think it's OK to go out with more than one person at the same time?
  - Yes, it's no problem. You can do that as long as you haven't been married.
2. What should you do if you're not getting along with your boyfriend or girlfriend?
  - You should talk each other to make up.
3. Do you think relationships can work out if you work in the same place?
  - Yes, I think so. If you live away from each other,
    you miss each other and you can't stand that.
4. Is it OK to go out with someone who is a lot older or younger than you?
  - Yes, it is as long as you like the person.
5. What's a good age to settle down?
  - Anytime. The good age to settle down vary from person to person.
6. What's the best way to break up with someone?
  - I think that the best way is to talk about the reason to break up.
