+++
title =  "2020-10-07: English"
date = 2020-10-07T09:34:52+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Today

I worked from home as usual.
It's getting dark earlier.
Now sunrise is at five thirty and sunset is at around five.
By the way, a typhoon is coming.
So, waves are getting bigger. It's good to surf.
Rainy or sunny doesn't matter for suring.
That's the nice thing about surfing.
I don't like jogging under rain.
However, I don't care about rain during surfing.

## Speaking: 4-31

### Try.1

1. They believe she will come on ~~the~~ time.
2. Did Mr.Brown make the longest speech?
3. Do you go to school by bicycle?
    - Yes, I do.
4. Can her mother speak English?
    - Yes, she can.
5. That is a very famous building.
6. The woman made a pretty doll for her daughter.
7. The house where they live is very big.
8. Emily may be ~~ill~~ **sick**.
9. Is that the man she wants to see?
10. Let's buy something to drink at that store.

### Try.2

1. Can her mother speak English?
    - Yes, she can.
2. Do you go to school by bike?
    - Yes, I do.
3. Let's buy something to drink at that store.
4. Emily may be sick.
5. The house where they live is very big.
6. That is a very famous building.
7. They belive she will come on time.
8. The woman made a pretty doll for her daughter.
9. Is that the man she wants to meet?
10. Did Mr.Brown make the longest speech?

## Review 10/01 lesson

### Come over

1. if someone comes over, they visit you at your house
    - When are you going to come over to Japan?
    - I can't. Because of I have to do self-quarantine when I visit in Japan.

### Come along

1. to appear or arrive
    - Buses often don't come along on time due to jam.

### Come apart

1. to split or fall into pieces
    - My wetsuit came apart at the seams.

### Come around

1. to become conscious again after you have been unconscious
    - Every Japanese wished that the famous comedian come around from a coma.

### come out

1. if something comes out, it is removed from a place
    - I washed it, however the stains didn't come out at all.

## Review Today's lesson

### Note

I need to care about the pronunciation: T between vowels/Th/Vowel sounds - Worry.
Moreover I should care the order of nouns and pronouns.

### Vocabulary

* deserve
    - I wonder that both Mr.Trump and Mr.Biden deserve to be President.
* reunion
    - My relatives and I have a reunion every year at New Year's holiday.

## Writing: 4th OCtober, 2020 - digital nomad

### Discussion

* a) What do you know about Caribbean islands?
    - I don't know anything about Caribbean islands.
    - I know a movie, "Pirates of Caribbean" that Jonny Depp plays Captain Jack Sparrow.
* b) What would be a luxury holiday for you?
    - Doing nothing in a island resort would be a luxury holiday for me.
* c) Where in the world would you like to work?
    - I'd like to work in a island resort where I can surf without sharks.
* d) What are the good and bad things about visas?
    - The good thing is for safe.
    - The bad things is that I can't stay there freely.
* e) What are the benefits of being a 'digital nomad'?
    - One of the benefits is that you can work everywhere.
* f) Where is paradise for you?
    - An island of Okinawa is paradise for me.
* g) What do you think of 'sun-drenched' beaches?
    - I think it's beautiful.
* h) Are there any negatives to working in paradise?
    - Yes, there are.
    - The paradise may demotivate you to work.

### Vocabulary

* eligible
    - allowed to something or receive something
* sun-drenched
    - a sun-drenched place is one where the sum shines most of the time - used especially in advertisements, magazines, etc. 
* boast
    - to talk too proudly about your abilities, achivements, or possessions
* accommodation
    - a place for someone to stay, live, or work
