+++
title =  "2020-12-13: English"
date = 2020-12-13T12:00:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Writing: Part2 (11-13)

11. What is it that your boss lately gave praise to you for?
  - None.
  - I don't fit in with him.
  - Because he is a know-it-all, and I don't like him.
12. Which amusement park did you go to recently?
  - I didn't go to any amusement park recently.
  - Because I don't like crowded places.
  - I used to go to an amusement park with my family when I was a child.
  - I rode roller coaster and drove a motored cart.
  - I liked it.
13. What did you think when you first learned English?
  - I thought English was interesting.
  - Because I felt learning English widen my world.
  - For example, if I can use English well, I can communicate with many people all over the world.
  - Therefore, I wanted to learn English. Still now.

- - -

## Speaking: 5

### Try.1

1. ~~Have you listened to this song?~~ **Have you ever heard this song?**
  - Yes, I have.
2. I heard him sing the song.
3. She wanted her **daughter** to come back as soon as possible.
4. The student who studied hard passed the exam.
5. What was ~~it seen~~ **shown** there?
6. This dress looks more expensive than that one.
7. Is this bag his or her**s**?
  - It's her**s**.
8. Can you see the girl running in the park?
9. This rock is too big for me to move.
10. He could/**was able to** speak French well ten years ago.

### Try.2

1. This rock is too big for me to move.
2. Is this bag his or hers?
  - It's hers.
3. Have you ever heard this song?
  - Yes, I have.
4. This dress looks more expensive than that one.
5. What was shown there?
6. He was able to speak French well ten years ago.
7. She wanted her daughter to come back as soon as possible.
8. I heard him sing the song.
9. Can you see the girl running in the park?
10. The boy who studied hard passed the exam.

## Speaking: 6

### Try.1

1. The girl gave the cat **some** milk.
2. He speaks Japanese better than English.
3. I feel sleepy since I went to bed late last night.
  - Since I went to bed late last night, I am sleepy.
4. Let's go to the beach to see **the** sunrise.
5. If he comes here **today**, please give this to him.
  - If he comes today, give this to him.
6. The boy who lives far from school is sometimes late.
  - The boy whose house is far from school sometimes comes late.
7. This picture was painted by my grandfather.
8. He told ~~her~~ **the woman** to call her husband at once.
9. The cat that often comes here is very old.
10. Mary keeps her room tidy.

### Try.2

1. This picture was painted by my grandfather.
2. Since I went to bed late last night, I am sleepy.
3. If he comes today, give this to him.
4. He speaks Japanese better than English.
5. That cat that often comes here is very old.
6. The girl gave the cat some milk.
7. Let's go to the beach to see the sun rise.
8. Mary keeps her room tidy.
9. The boy whose house is far from school sometimes comes late.
10. He told the woman to call her husband at once.
