+++
title =  "2020-12-03: English"
date = 2020-12-03T09:37:19+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 2020/12/03 lesson: Business English Presentation Introduction

### Mochi dessert in Ise-city

<!-- Attention-Grabbing Statement-->
There are a lot of kind of Mochi desserts in Japan. Which Mochi dessert do you like?
<!-- Greeting/Welcoming-->
Ladies and gentleman, thank you for coming today.
<!-- Self-Introduction-->
My name is Naoki Morita and I was born and grew up in Ise-city, Mie prefecture in Japan.
<!-- Title of Presentation -->
Today I'd like to speak about Mochi desserts.
<!-- Objectives -->
Because Ise city, which is my hometown, has a variety of Mochi desserts and I'd like you to know my hometown's speciality.
<!-- Outline -->
I have divided my presentation into three parts. First, I'll give you a brief account of the history of Mochi desserts in Ise city, then after that I'll tell you all kinds of Mochi desserts there. Finally, I'll tell you my recommendation of Mochi dessert in Ise city.
<!-- Length of Presentation -->
The presentationwill talk about fifteen minutes.
<!-- Handling Questions -->
I'd ask you to save your questions for the end.

- - -

## Writing: Part2 (4-6)

4. Ever joined some activity or group? How did you become a member?
    - I've ever joined a drinking group.
    - My colleague quit a job and decided to run a pub.
    - I took to visiting the pub and made some friends.
    - I still keep in touch with some of them.
    - Most importantly the former colleague is my wife.
5. Speak about your experience that you were late for something.
    - I was late for a game at once when I was in a university.
    - I belonged to a boxing club and there was our member's game at that day.
    - I was tired for a part time job at the night before that day so that I had slept over.
    - By the way, there was a rule for delay in the club.
    - The rule was to crop the hair when you were late for a game, so I did.
    - I remember it was cold then because it was in winter.
6. When was the last time you cried?
    - I used to cry when I was a child.
    - Because my elder brother and I used to fight when I was a small child.
    - I envied my elder brother because he was better at everything than me.
    - It was natural because he was three years older than me.
    - However, I was frustrated because I couldn't do anything as well as my brother did.
    - Therefore, I often cried during childhood.

- - -

## Speaking: 70

### Try.1

1. I'm glad to hear that they got married.
2. Did your father graduate from this school?
    - Yes, he did.
3. When was their house built?
4. **Now** Shall we have dinner?
5. She has a dog that has blue eyes.
6. It may ~~rain~~ **snow** tomorrow.
7. Did you go ~~watching a movie~~ **to the movies** with her last week?
    - No, I didn't.
8. I believe everything will go well.
9. I came here to meet/**see** your father.
10. It **has** snowed thrice since January.

### Try.2

1. I am glad to hear they got married.
2. She has a dog which has blue eyes.
3. It has snowed three times since January.
4. It ~~will~~ **may** snow tomorrow.
5. Did your father graduate from this school?
    - Yes, he did.
6. I believe everything will go well.
7. Did you go to the movies with her last week?
    - No, I didn't.
8. When was their house built?
9. I came here to see your father.
10. Now shall we have dinner?
