+++
title =  "2020-06-26: News"
date = 2020-06-26T19:46:34+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://miro.medium.com/max/1400/0*sOTg2za1yxAOUg6t"
description = "Is is true that Data Science is Losing Its Charm?"
+++

I've read this news below.
Because I'm learning about not only machine learning, but also data science.
Data science is useful for anything business I work on, I think.
So, I started to learn about data science on datacamp.com.
Despite that, the article says that data science mighe be losing its charm.
It's shocked, but I need to know its reason for me.

[Why is Data Science Losing Its Charm?"](https://towardsdatascience.com/why-is-data-science-losing-its-charm-3f7780b443f5)

So far, the data science had readily increased the demand of data scientists.
Because engineers or researcher who engage in the data science can earn much money.
So, every computer science students wanted to pursue a career in the data science field. 
But the trends are changing nowadays.
The demand is no longer than the same as before.

The author thinks the reason are listed below.

1. People are not able to start their careers in this field.
    - Because every companies can't invest ther time on new incoming talents.
    - Moreover companies requires a minimum of 2-3 years experiences.
2. People arent' aware of the difference between data analyst, business analyst and data scientist.
    - Many students don't know what to do as data scientists.
3. People find data science too easy.
    - People tend to underestimate the difficulty to apply data science skill to real issues.
4. AutoML is making the road to landing a job even tougher.
    - Companies' interest and their curiosity grew into AutoML
        that automates the process of applying machine learning to the datasets.

I agree with that partially.
However, despite of the article, data science is very important, I think.
On the other hand, tech engineers can't be living easily as data scientist.
Data science skill is important, but it can't be main skill as engineer.
It's sub-skill.
If you have a main skill and also data science skill, you might do good work.
But even if you have data science skill but you don't have enough experience about some domain,
if you're so, you aren't be able to become senior engineer that earn much money. 

