+++
title =  "2020-08-30: English"
date = 2020-08-30T08:51:22+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 1-9 Training 9

### try.1


## Writing: 31st August, 2020 - Brain-hacking chip could give up superpowers.

* a. My favorite technology trailblazers are Steve Jobs, Jeff Bezos, and of course Elon Musk.
    - Because they deliver new experiences to us.
* b. I don't know him very much. What I know about him are that he manufactures electric vehicles and rockets.
* c. Yes, it is. I feel it's too fast to catch up with it.
* d. I think it's amazing and little terrifying.
    - Because it can bring us more abilities, however it may bring us some side effects, I think.
* e. Electric cars is good because of its silence.
* f. I want to go to space. I want to see Earth from Moon.
* g. I'd like to have such a computer chip in my brain, if it doesn't harm me.
* h. I'd like to control all computers connected with Internet by only thinking.

## My experiences

### Top 5 of tough work that I've experienced so far.

* Top 1 was experimental work that I'd ever been experienced until the time.
    - It was, in short, virtual Internet.
    - It emulated behaviors of Internet.
    - That is, it delays and loses packets, and connects and disconnects lines, or changes routes.
    - And It controls devices connected with the virtual internet.
    - In addition, It allows us to control it by software.
    - It needed for us to evaluate our products, and our products had strength on Internet.
    - The products was video conference system. It can work on poor Internet quality.
    - My work was important for all us.
    - However, I needed to develop it for 3 months alone.
    - But I did it. I worked at least 12 hours a day, and even on Saturdays.
    - I don't want to do so tough work anymore.
* Top 2 was 

### Top 5 of good experiences that I've had through my job.

* Top 1 was attending to Vancouver Olympic games in 2020 as engineer.
    - Olympic committee decided to use our products for connecting between two Olympic village, Vancouver and Whistler.
    - They held regular meetings using our products.
    - I've never been to Canada until the time, and of course I've never seen Olympic games on the spot.
    - It was amazing.
* Top 2 was actual evaluation on Internet of the video conference system.
    - We had to evalute our product on actual Internet, not virutal internet.
    - So, we went to over the world, like America, Germany, Bergium, England, and so on.
    - I'd visited Germany, Belgium, and England for only 5 days.
    - It was tough, but Europian countries was so beautiful, especially its building and town.
