+++
title =  "2020-12-25: English"
date = 2020-12-25T10:50:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Writing: Part2 (17-19)

17. Talk about a person who you care about very much.
    - I'm taking care of my wife.
    - Because she had a serious disease three years ago.
    - The disease occurs in about three people per one hundred thousand people.
    - She had a surgery to get rid of the tumor and all of the rectum to prevent the disease metastasis.
    - Therefore, she's physically weak and I care about her.
18. What and when do you have breakfast?
    - I always have a toast for breakfast after I get up, brush my teeth, and wash my face.
19. How do you spend a day on Christmas?
    - I spend a day on Christmas as an ordinary day.
    - Because I'm not Christian.

- - -

## Phrasal verbs: Part 1

### 001: a car breaks down

- My computer is about to break down, it sometimes halts.

### 002: negotiations break down

- I thought Negotiations between UK and EU would break down, however it went well.

### 003: break down in tears

- So many people broke down in tears to lose their family due to coronavirus.

### 004: a robber breaks in

- The incidents that robbers break in houses happens a lot in the end of every year.

### 005: break in on the conversation

- It is rude to break in on the conversation, you should wait until they finish talking.

### 006: break in shoes

- I'm going to go jogging to break in shoes.

### 007: break into school

- A private detective in movies often breaks into an office or a house easily.

### 008: break into laughter

- Since I broke into laughter at their comedy show, I have been a fan of the comedians.

### 009: break off a presentation

- As he received a rude question during the presentation, he broke it off right in the middle.

### 010: break off an engagement

- As they often fought with each other, they broke off their engagement eventually.

- - -
