+++
title =  "2020-10-10: English"
date = 2020-10-10T13:55:56+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-[30-33]

1. They're going to stay at the hotel next week.
2. I have a lot of things to learn.
3. The boy was pale.
4. Has the boy ~~been~~ **become** as tall as his father yet?
    - Yes, he has.
5. How old was he when he wrote that poem?
6. I wonder what flower that is.
7. He is always with Tom.
8. Who opened the door?
9. That is the restaurant which opened last month.
10. Don't call her after ten o'clock.

1. The house where they live is very big.
2. Emily may be sick.
3. Do you go to school by bike?
    - Yes, I do.
4. The woman made a pretty doll for her daughter.
5. Let's buy something to drink at that store.
6. Can her mother speak English?
    - Yes, she can.
7. Is that the man she wants to see?
8. That is a very famous building.
9. Did Mr.Brown make the longest speech?
10. They believe she will come on time.

1. You don't have to see her.
2. They named their daughter Alice.
3. She didn't know where to buy the bag.
4. What language is he speaking?
    - What is the language he is speaking?
5. I met him in front of the station yesterday.
6. Have they had dinner yet?
    - No, they haven't.
7. This cake was cooked by Nancy.
8. This is a good ~~book~~ **magazine** to read on the train.
9. Do you think that this is a good plan?
10. Why did you begin to take pictures of animals?

1. How many books did Tom read last year?
2. Are they at the library now?
    - No, they aren't.
3. Your grandfather is too old to go there.
4. Could you tell me what she wants?
5. The article written by her was long.
6. The foreigner I met at the party last night spoke Japanese very well.
7. How beautiful this lake is!
8. The dog will be loved by everyone.
9. She had a lot of thing to do yesterday.
10. This is a textbook which is used ~~at~~ **in** many schools. 

## Writing: Part2 (45,47,48)

45. Talk about something you want recently and why?
    - Recently I want to go on a trip.
    - Because I'm bored and tired of worrying about the coronavirus. 
    - For instance, social distancing, washing hands, wearing a mask, and avoiding public transportation.
    - Therefore, I'd like to be relaxed in a resort island. I need to use public transport to go there, though.
47. Which do you prefer, eating at home or eating out?
    - I prefer eating at home to eating out.
    - Because I feel relaxed more at home rather than out.
    - For example, I don't have to worry about coronavirus in the restaurant or an accident on the way home when I had a drink.
    - Therefore, I'm relaxed more to eat at home than eating out.
48. Compare a bachelor life and a married life.
    - I prefer a married life to a bachelor life.
    - ~~Because I can live a regular life.~~
        - Because I can live a comfortable life thanks to how organized she is.
    - My wife is organized but I'm not.
    - For example, she always gets up at same time and goes about household chores quickly.
    - I was not so organized that I got up at afternoon and washed my clothes only once a week.
    - However, I can be organized now because she leads me, and I feel I use time effectively.
