+++
title =  "2020-09-12: English"
date = 2020-09-12T11:41:07+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-(13-16) Training (13-16)

## Try.1

* After he did his homework, the boy played with his friends ~~at~~ **in** the park.
* They look **very** happy.
* Mr.Green lives in the wonderful house that has a beautiful garden.
* Mary is as beautiful as Nancy.
* Does he work longer than the other people?
    - Yes, he does.
* There will be a lot of people here tomorrow.
* She was with her sister all day.
* He was going to visit his grandmother that day.
* Tell me where you found ~~that~~ **it**.
* Do you often stay **at** this hotel?
    - Yes, I do.

* Is this watch yours?
* Who is that tall boy?
    - He is Peter.
* Who is the oldest in this village?
* He was running in the park.
* She likes Tom ~~very much~~ **a lot**.
* What time does your brother usually go to bed?
* Did the boy who speaks English well live in America for a long time?
* Does he always do his homework?
    - Yes, he does.
* My daughter wants to be a movie star.
* How did you ~~meat~~ **get to know** him?

* It's so sunny **today** that I don't want to stay **at** home.
* It ~~'s~~ **will be** difficult to meat the man.
* I've never met her.
* When ~~are~~ **do** leaves turn yellow?
* Is there anything to eat at ~~your~~ home?
* Is her mother beautiful?
    - Yes, she is.
* My father is reading ~~a~~ **the** newspaper now.
* When he saw Mt.Fuji, the ~~boy~~ **child** began to cry out.
* He is ~~the~~ **an** actor whom everyone knows.
* She wants to ~~meet~~ **see** him as often as possible.

* The girl whom I teach math is very smart.
* She wants her husband to ~~say~~ **tell her** that he loved her.
* Does she know where the writer was born?
* She likes speaking French.
* The boy has to get up at four o'clock every morning.
* Can the bird swim?
* Who ~~tells~~ **told** you ~~about~~ the story?
* My wife has been to Spain many times.
* Are there **any** flowers on the table?
* Has your son already decided ~~that he studies~~ to study at that school?
    - Yes, he has.

## Writing: 10th September, 2020 - Pope says gossiping is 'worse than COVID'.

### Summary

Pope Francis has said gossiping is worse than COVID-19.
He said gossip is a danger that divides communities.
The pope brought the subject again and again.
He said that the tongue kills like a knife.

### Discussion

* a. What do you know about Pope Francis?
    - I don't know about him at all.
    - Because I don't believe a God. Even if there is a God, he doesn't do anything for us.
    - That is, he always does what he wants and nobody knows that, I think.
    - Therefore, I'm not interested in God or Pope at all.
* b. What do you think of gossip?
    - It doesn't worth to listen to, I think.
    - Because most gossip are lies that are full of malicious.
    - For example, a certain movie star is immoral, he is junkie or something like that. Who cares?
    - So, I think it's worthless.
* c. What do you think of people who gossip?
    - I don't like such people who gossip.
    - Because they try to ease their stress by gossiping and
      they don't care about people who are hurt by gossip.
    - They put others down by gossiping to maintain his self-esteem, I think.
    - Therefore, I don't like gossip and people who gossip.
* d. How much of a gossip are you?
    - Not at all.
    - Because I hate gossip and people who gossip.
    - I'll never gossip.
* e. Why might the Pope think gossip is worse than COVID-19?
    - Because spreading gossip is similar to spreading COVID-19.
    - Moreover gossip spreads out faster than virus, I think.
    - For instance, the number of infected people is about thirty million for nine months.
    - On the other hand, gossip can spread out over 1 billion people for a few days.
    - Therefore, the infection of gossip is worse than COVID-19.
* f. When was the last time someone gossiped about you?
    - I don't remember about that.
* g. What do you think of people who gossip on social media?
    - I feel that they're disgusting.
* h. Is it better to pray than to gossip?
    - No, praying is worthless.
    - Because just praying is the same as spreading gossip.
    - You shouldn't allow gossip to spread.
    - For instance, you should show some facts that reveal the lies on your SNS.
    - That is, doing nothing is the same worst as to gossip.
