+++
title =  "2020-08-07: News"
date = 2020-08-07T15:06:14+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://miro.medium.com/max/700/1*9fqq97l1i-C0aRk1LgsSHA.jpeg"
description = "I wanna change my job."
+++

I'll read this artcile below, because I want to change my job now.
I've changed my job once before, 18 years ago.
I had been working as server and network deployment enginner and security operator.
However I wanted to work as software developer.
I wanted to make software to help people or things to connect each other for more valuable things.
It seemed to me that making software is makeing new value in the world and it must be fun.

[The One and Only Factor That Will Make You a Senior Developer](https://medium.com/swlh/the-one-and-only-factor-that-will-make-you-a-senior-developer-4fdd9d21b8c4)

Senior developers aren't supposed to know everything.
Because it's true that "what you don't use, you lose".
Time is limited.

Being a senior developer is indeed being familiar with a broad range of technologies.
But that doesn’t happen by taking any lectures or lessons.
You can’t rush this qualification. You need to time.

It's over a period of years working through projects, making mistakes, writing code,
sitting in meetings, solving problems, and using an often wide range of technologies.
All of these things take time.

[3 Reasons Why Software Engineers Change Jobs More Often Than They Change Computers](https://medium.com/swlh/3-reasons-why-software-engineers-change-jobs-more-often-than-they-change-computers-e0bdbb326d41)

Software engineers tend to change jobs than other jobs.
It has three reasons below.

1. The work gets tedious and boring
    - The fisrt part of software development is design and creating, it's exciting and engaging.
    - In the final stage, on the other hand, it turns to be opereation and management.
    - It's no creativity, no ingenuity and no engagement.
    - So, a company have to offer new work to developers. 
2. This turns into burnout, depression, and lack of motivation
    - Burnout generally comes from developers doing work that they are not passionate about. 
    - Without a new challenge, developers lose motivation and it's really depressing.
3. New developers are more valued than existing developers
    - In the software engineering industry,
        new developers will always have higher pay, better bonuses, and generally better compensation
        than someone who has paid their dues. 

In these years, since I moved to the Yokohama branch of my company, I haven't developed any products,
I developed just proof of concepts, prototypes, or software libraries for development.  
It doesn't require high quality. 
Products, on the other hand, requires developers to build flexible architecture, make clean codes and verification codes,
effective testing environments and so on.
That is, it make developers to grow up. 

Therefore, as a software engineer, I have a sense of urgency, now.
I feel I have to change my job. 
I've been learning Machine Learning and Data Science at Massive Open Online Course.
However, jobs can train developers most effectively.
You know, the environment makes a person.
I need to change environment.

### Vocabularies

* In a standup
    - What does it mean?
    - In a standup, one day the PM asked if a certain senior dev could take on a new task.
