+++
title =  "2020-02-24: Touchstone-3 Unit-8 Lesson.A"
date = 2020-02-24T16:30:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-8: What if?
## Lesson.A: Wishes

### 3. Listening and speaking: Just one wish

1. He wishes he could just sit down and watch TV.
  - Because he needs to do laundry.
2. She wishes she went out more with her friends.
  - Because She can't afford to go out more.
3. He wishes he could get together with his family more often.
  - Because He doesn't live near his family.
4. She wishes she lived somewhere warm and sunny.
  - Because She needs to be there until she graduate.

#### Daniel
So, yeah, I've had such busy day at work today.
I've been running around all day.
I'm just so tired.
I wish I could just sit down and watch TV.
But I really need to do laundry. 
I've got no other time to do it.
If I didn't have to work so much,
I'd have away more time.

#### Martine
Well, you know, I'm kind of like hanging out at home.
But sometimes I get bored, you know.
Like, I wish I went out more with my friends,
but everywhere so expensive.
We can't afford to go to restaurants and somethings.
I mean, if I could afford it,
I'd be out often for sure, even coffee is expensive.
I just can't afford to go out more than once or twice a week.

#### Miguel
Yeah, you know.
I'm pretty busy in the evenings, I mean.
I met Jim three nights and then I have a class after work on Mondays.
So I'm out every night of the week.
And an weekends I played football,
so I don't see a lot of my family.
I wish we could get together more often.
They don't live near me,
so I don't get to see them often.
It's too bad. I miss them.
If they lived nearer to me, I'd definitely see them more.

#### Mi Yun
The weather is awful.
I think it's rained every day this month.
It's getting cold, too.
I hate it.
I wish I lived somewhere warm and sunny.
But I'm going to be here for next two years until I graduate.
If I lived somewhere warm, I'd be outside more.

