+++
title =  "2020-03-31: Touchstone-3 Unit-9"
date = 2020-03-31T18:45:24+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-9: Tech savvy?

## Lesson.A: Tech support

### 1. Getting started

#### A. What kinds of problems do people have with their computers? Make a class list.

* Data is gone.
* Disk is full.
* It's shut down suddenly.
* It doesn't show anything on a display. 
* It can't access to Internet.
* It can't print out.
* You can't send or receive an e-mail.
* You can't access to a certain web page.
* You can't use a mouse device or a keyboard.
* You can't connect a Bluetooth device with your computer.
* You can't listen to music on your computer.

#### B. Listen. What problems are the people above having? What do their friends suggest?

### 1. Trouble on a computer

Sean's computer can't turn on.
Mark suggests to check your power cord,
because if the power cord is broken, the computer can't use electric power.
Sue suggests to to call tech support,
because tech support team can know like those problems.

### 2. Trouble on a tablet.

Pam's tables keeps freezing up.
Sally suggests to check the battery's charged,
because she guesses that the tablet battery isn't be charged enough.
Peter suggests to run her antivirus software,
because he guesses that the tables is infected with some virus software.

### 3. Trouble on printing.

Olivia can't print anything with a printer.
Tom suggests to get the answer on a website,
however he forgets the website.

### 4. Trouble on accessing to Internet.

Cara can't get on the Internet.
Anita suggests to check your wireless connection,
because Anita suppose that Cara accidentally turned off the wireless access.

#### C. How do the people say the things below in one sentence? Write what they actually say. Then compare with a partner.

1. Sean: What's the problem? Do you know? 
  - Do you know what the problem is?
2. Sally: Is the battery charged? Do you know?
  - Do you know if the battery is charged?
3. Tom: Which site did I use? I have no idea.
  - I have no idea which site I used.
4. Anita: Did you accidentally turn on the wireless connection off? I wonder.
  - I wonder if you accidentally turned the wireless connection off.
