+++
title =  "2020-11-28: English"
date = 2020-11-28T23:19:46+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 62-66

1. This is the most ~~funny~~ **funniest** joke I've ever heard.
2. ~~A~~ **The** young person who broke the statue was punished.
3. The day when he goes to the town is Tuesday.
4. Tomorrow **it** will be as cold as today.
5. They didn't leave until he arrived.
6. He ~~told~~ **taught** them how to use the machine.
7. He went to the bookstore to buy a magazine.
8. We lived in a house where ~~was~~ **stood** near ~~a~~ **the** river. 
9. What did your father say?
10. They saw the old man fall down.

1. She was so beautiful that many men proposed to her. 
2. I will study until I pass the exam.
3. Write to her as ~~early~~ **soon** as you can.
4. Does your father often go fishing?
    - Yes, he does.
5. She has a friend whose father is a pilot.
6. Is this red dress more expensive than that green on?
7. What do you want to eat for dinner?
8. Why did she feel happy ~~at that time~~ **then**?
9. I'm as hungry as you.
10. Have you ever drunk this wine?
    - No, I haven't.

1. Let's visit him before it gets dark.
2. When are they going to leave ~~from~~ Japan?
3. I think he had a good dream last night.
4. Was he with Paul last night?
    - No, he wasn't.
5. He has a friend whose grandfather was a famous politician.
6. Did Nancy arrive earlier than Bob?
    - Yes, she did.
7. I ~~wish~~ **hope** he will win the game.
8. I've never driven my brother's car.
9. Mary will be as beautiful as her mother.
10. It has been raining since yesterday.

1. After he call his wife, he went for a drink with his friends.
2. ~~Would~~ **will** you have another cup of coffee?
    - Yes, please.
3. The boy grew up to become a great writer.
4. Is the language spoken in that country French or German?
5. That is the boy whose mother ~~taught~~ **teaches** science at school.
6. Did he have to run to catch the bus?
    - Yes, he did.
7. Let's clean this room before they come.
8. I'm going to ask her to do this work.
9. Why do we have to take care of this dog?
10. My son doesn't like studying math.

1. They didn't know how the man got into the room.
2. I think she will pass the exam next year.
3. Did you meet all those people?
    - Yes, I did.
4. While he was reading the newspaper, she cooked breakfast.
5. I told him not to make the same mistake.
6. This is ~~the~~ **a** house which was built a hundred years ago.
7. She cut the cloth ~~by~~ **with** scissors carefully.
8. The teacher spoke so fast that the students couldn't understand him.
9. When was the car stolen?
10. Her son is studying to become a doctor.
