+++
title =  "2020-02-18: Touchstone-3 Unit-8"
date = 2020-02-18T08:30:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-8: What if?

## Description about the pictures

### 1

There is an doctor and a nurse.
They are in a hospital room.
They smile with confidence, as I see it.

### 2.

There is a rich house with a garden and a convertible car.
A rich family live there, I guess.

### 3.

There is an old man and an old lady, their children and grand children.
It's a celebration to mark the forty or fifty anniversary of their marriage, I guess. 
The grand parents have presents, smile and hug their children and grand children.
They look so happy.

### 4.

There is a man.
He wears suits and tie.
He's adjusting his tie and thinking about something.
He might be on his way to go interview for a new job, possibly.

## Before you begin...
What are your priorities in life? Rank These things in order from 1 to 6.

1. Your family
2. Your health
3. Your career
4. Relationships
5. Wealth
6. Looking good

I and my family become happy and keep it, it's my goal for my life.
The other things are just methods or results.

"Happy" means that you have nice mental health and good physical health.
Good health will build your career and good relationships with other people.
Good career and relationships make wealth.
"Looking good" doesn't matter for anything.
That's it.

To improve skill is matter to me.
Improving skill is fun, not only improved skill.
To feel growing up makes me happy and enjoy my life.
So, I am happy now.
It's important to me.
