+++
title =  "2020-12-18: English"
date = 2020-12-18T10:03:58+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2020/12/18 lesson: Business English - Presentation

### Introduction

<!-- Attention-Grabbing Statement-->
There are a lot of kind of rice cakes in Japan. I love rice cakes(Mochi) desserts. Which Mochi dessert do you like?
<!-- Greeting/Welcoming-->
Ladies and gentleman, thank you for coming today.
<!-- Self-Introduction-->
My name is Naoki Morita and I was born and grew up in Ise-city, Mie prefecture, Japan.
<!-- Title of Presentation -->
Today I'd like to speak about Mochi desserts.
<!-- Objectives -->
Because Ise city, which is my hometown, has a variety of Mochi desserts and I'd like you to know my hometown's speciality.
<!-- Outline -->
I have divided my presentation into three parts. First, I'll give you a brief account of the history of Ise-city, then after that I'll tell you why there is a variety of Mochi desserts there. Finally, I'll tell you my recommendation of Mochi dessert in Ise city.
<!-- Length of Presentation -->
The presentation will talk about five minutes.
<!-- Handling Questions -->
I'd ask you to save your questions for the end.

### The body of the presentation

<!-- the 1st part -->
I'd like to start by looking at the history of Ise-city. As you may know, there is Ise Jingu in Ise city. Ise Jingu, officially 'Jingu',includes 125 jinja(shinto shrine), centered around Naiku, dedicated to Amaterasu-Omikami, and Geku, dedicated to Toyo'uke-no-Omikami. Amaterasu-Omikami is the goddess of the sun, the most important goddess of the Shinto religion in Japanese mythology. Amaterasu's chief place of worship, the Jingu in Ise-city, is one of Shinto's holiest sites. Well, I've told you about a brief of history of Ise-city.

<!-- the 2nd part -->
Now we'll move on to the reason that there is a variety of Mochi desserts in Ise-city. As I mentioned before, Ise-city is the most important place of Shinto religion. Moreover Ise-city is a major pilgrimage center and tourist spot. Pilgrimages to Ise became very popular in the Edo period, about 400 years ago. In those days, people used to walk to Jingu to worship. It is said that those people from all over Japan who came to Ise-city preferred to eat Mochi on the way, as it is fast and filling. Therefore, many tea-houses along the Jingu pilgrimage road greeted visitors with Mochi. That is why there is a lot of kinds of Mochi desserts in Ise-city.

<!-- the 3rd part -->
Next, I'd like to introduce you a variety of Mochi desserts and recommend you something. Please see [this web site](https://www.kankomie.or.jp/season/detail_108.html). As you can see in this picture, there are a lot of Mochi desserts in Ise, those are only a part of the whole though. All of them are different and delicious, but I recommend you [Akafuku](https://www.akafuku.co.jp/en/). If you ask me, Akafuku is the most famous and delicious Mochi dessert in Japan. There are a number of great things about Akafuku. First of all, the bean paste is very smooth and pleasant to the tongue. Then Mochi is exquisitely soft. Next you can enjoy Akafuku-Gori, which is a Matcha-flavored shaved ice with Akafuku, in only summer. after that, you can enjoy Akafuku-Zenzai, which is the sweet porridge of red beans with grilled Mochi, in only winter. Finally, you have to go to Ise to eat Akafuku, because they are strict about quality management of Akafuku and only sell it in Ise.

### End of the presentation
To sum up, I introduced you the history of Ise-city and the reason that Ise has a variety of Mochi desserts. Finally I recommend you Akafuku.

In conclusion, you must go to Ise and eat Akafuku, when you come to Japan. There are many places to visit in Japan. For example, Tokyo, Kyoto, Nara, Osaka, Sapporo, and so on. Those are amazing places actually.
However, I would recommend you Ise, my hometown. Ise has Jingu, one of the most holiest shrine, and a variety of Mochi desserts. If you want to know the goddess of Japan and if you are foodie, you should go to Ise.

That brings me to the end of my presentation.
Thank you for listening so attentively.
I would be glad to answer any questions now.

 - - -

## Phrasal verbs: Part 1

### 036: be **build on** trust

* I'm sorry about the trouble.
* Look, Ken, our relationship is built on trust.

- Although the ally was built on trust, a country betrayed another country.

### 037: traffic **builds up**

* Harry, where are you?
* Traffic is building up on the freeway, so I'll be late.

- Traffic built up on the highway, so I was stuck for a long time.

### 038: **build up** confidence

* What should I do to build up my confidence?
* Well, first off, you should love yourself more.

- If you want to build up your confidence, you ought to study every day.

### 039: **call for** his resignation

* There are so many demonstrators in front of the embassy.
* They are calling for the ambassador's resignation.

- A lot of demonstrators had been called for Trump's resignation.

### 040: be not **called for**

* That kind of rude behavior was not called for.
* I can't agree more.

- Such a dirty shirt was not called for in that party.

- - -

## Listening: 27

### Mode.1

1. The moving led higher costs.
2. She says all employees has two options.
  - First is extra work without extra pay.  
  - Second is taking five percents salary cut.
3. This situation should not last for a long time.

### Mode.2

1. The moving led higher costs.
2. She says all employees has two options.
  - First is working extra hours without extra pay.  
  - Second is taking five percents salary cut.
3. This situation should not last for a long time.

### Mode.3

1. The moving has led higher costs and impacted their customer base.
2. She says all employees has two options.
  - The first option is working extra hours without extra pay.  
  - The second option is taking five percents salary cut.
3. This situation should not last for a long time.

### Answer

1. The new location has led to higher costs. It has also had an impact on their customer base.
2. To work extra hours for no extra pay or take 5 percent salary cut.
3. All signs to point to a future improvement in the economic environment, so this situation should not last for a long time.

- - -

## Phrasal verbs: Part 1

### 031: **bring** someone **up** short

* Well, his question really brought me up short.
* I know. That was really offensive.

- A child's yelling brought me up short then.

### 032: **build in** a bookshelf

* What are you doing with the hammer?
* I'm building in a bookshelf for my bedroom wall.

- I don't build in a bookshelf for my room wall, because I borrow the room.

### 033: **build** in the cost

* Have you already built int the cost for the total budget?
* I have.. The building project can move on as planned.

- I have built in the cost of those devices for the total budget.
- They must be necessary in the near future, I guess.

### 034: The chip is already **built in**

* Where can I get a memory chip for this camera?
* You don't need one. It's already built in.

- The memory is already built in the computer, so you can't change the memory capacity.

### 035: **build on** one's plan

* So, how should we proceed?
* Let's build on your plan and see what happens.

- You can build on your plan, however I'm not responsible for that.

- - -

## Speaking 11

### Try.1

1. You will be able to run as fast as your brother.
2. The day when he came back to Japan was warm.
    - It was warm on the day when he came back to Japan.
3. He can jump higher than you.
4. Would you **please** take care of my cat ~~when I will be away~~ **while I am away**?
5. They stopped running suddenly.
6. My son is talking ~~with~~ **to** someone/**somebody** on the phone **now**.
7. The cat was loved by everone.
8. This book is hers.
9. It was boring for her to study the subject.
10. Many shooting stars were seen that night.

### Try.2

1. My son is talking to somebody on the phone **now**.
2. This book is hers.
3. Would you please take care of my cat while I am away?
4. A lot of shooting stars were seen that night.
5. He can jump higher than you.
6. The cat was loved by everyone.
7. They stopped running suddenly.
8. You will be able to run as fast as your brother.
9. It ~~is~~ **was** boring for her to study the subject.
10. It was warm on the day when he came back to Japan.

## Speaking 12

### Try.1

1. Tom is as smart as his brother.
2. Would you paint these walls white, please?
3. The doll began to move suddenly.
4. This ring is too expensive for me to buy.
5. That launguage is not spoken now.
6. I want to get there before it ~~will~~ begin**s** to rain.
7. Don't open this door.
    - You must not open this door.
8. Is the girl singing on the stage Nancy?
9. Tell them where to go.
10. Where did you buy the sweater?

### Try.2

1. Tom is as smart as his brother.
2. Where did you buy that sweater?
3. This ring is too expensive for me to buy.
4. That language is not spoken now.
5. Would you please paint these walls white?
6. Is the girl singing on the stage Nancy?
7. Tell them where to go.
8. You must not open this door.
9. Suddenly the doll began to move.
10. I want to get there before it begins to rain.

- - -

## Writing: Part2 (14-16)

14. Talk about the last time you had to apologize for.
    - I apologize to my wife every day for what I didn't do.
    - Because she does most of chores and I often forget doing some chores I should have done.
    - She is organized, contrarily I'm not.
    - Therefore, I always make an apology to my wife.
15. What is it that you had been afraid of trying but recently overcame?
    - I had been afraid of that people around me didn't like me.
    - However, I overcame it since I realized that they don't matter for my life.
    - I realized that I should spend time for and take care of my family and best friends.
    - Because acquaintances and colleagues will surely be gone someday.
    - For instance, when I change a job or a residence.
    - Therefore, I decided to keep in touch with my family and best friends, not acquaintances.
    - I am not afraid of any reputation any more.
16. Describe what you do for a living.
    - I work for a living.
    - For example, I make some software or documents for my company and get my salary.
    - I'm responsible for developing software about automotive network or supporting other development team.

- - -
