+++
title =  "2020-11-07: English"
date = 2020-11-07T13:16:07+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Writing: Stress baking helped during U.S. election - 5th November, 2020

The 2020 U.S. presidential election was a stressful event for many people. A poll conducted by the marketing research company OnePoll found that the election was a main cause of stress in 49 per cent of people. Only COVID19 caused greater stress. The poll found that 55 per cent of the 2,000 adults in the survey believed that November the 3rd, 2020 would be the tensest day yet this year. In addition, 59 per cent said they couldn't imagine being more stressed than they already were. Furthermore, 67 per cent wanted 2020 to be over. Naomi Hirabayashi, cofounder of the self-care app Shine, said: "It's not just the election anxiety - this year has been a marathon of stress. These are not normal times."

The months of non-stop news coverage caused many people to get stressed out. One thing many people did to relieve stress was to bake. Stress baking rose in popularity in 2020. More cakes and bread have been going into ovens in the run-up to the election. Stress baking is now in the top five most effective self-care practices of 2020. The poll found that 27 per cent of people used baking as a stress reliever. Unfortunately, 41 per cent of people said the stress of 2020 caused them to gain weight.  One American woman said stress baking reduced her election stress. She said: "I'm prepared and have a post-election plan. In reality, we probably won't have a clear winner for weeks after election day."

### Vocabulary

* tensest
* cope with

### Summary

The 2020 U.S. presidential election was a stressful event for many people.
One thing many people did to relieve stress was to bake.
However, they will have to keep baking even after the election 
because they won't have a clear winner for weeks after election day.

### Discussion

* a) What do you think of the US presidential election?
    - カオスだと思いました。
* b) What did you think of the candidates in the election?
    - どちらも信用できない。
* c) What do you think of elections in your country?
    - 熱心ではない。
    - 日本人はアメリカ人ほど選挙に熱心ではないと思います。
* d) What do you think of 2020?
    - コロナの年です。
    - コロナにとても影響を受けた一年だと思う。
* e) How stressful is election time?
    - うるさくて少しストレスがある。
    - よる８時まで候補者を応援する車が走っているから。
* f) How stressful has 2020 been?
    - 思っていたよりもストレスが多くなかった。
* g) What was your tensest day of 2020?
    - 2月の4日です。2月に北海道に観光に行った日です。
* h) How can we cope with a 'marathon of stress'?
    - 楽天的になることです。
    - ものごとの良い側面に注意を向けることで対処できる。

## Speaking: 4-(47-51)

1. Look at the picture hanging on the wall.
2. Her daughter graduated from high school this year.
3. He was kind enough to help ~~my homework~~ **me with my homework**.
4. I want to say nothing now.
    - I don't want to say anything now.
5. They're going to have lunch in Yokohama.
6. Did he eat it with chopsticks?
7. He **has** lost the picture he took in France.
8. Do you know where those children get on the bus?
    - Do those children know where to take the bus?
9. He saw the leave**s** fall.
10. He can swim faster than Tom.

1. Although she went to the department store, she bought nothing.
2. If the girl wants the doll, please give it to her.
3. While her children ~~was~~ **were** doing ~~the~~ **their** homework, she cooked dinner.
4. Can you see the bench painted brown?
5. Since the floor was wet, she slipped and fell down.
6. Where is the picture you painted?
7. Where did you go **with your family** last summer?
8. Does the coffee smell good?
9. His uncle runs three restaurants.
10. The dog was so big that the children were scared of it.

1. Please tell me how the boy solved the problem?
2. Is collecting stamps his hobby?
3. Are the boys and girls who are cleaning the classroom his students?
4. Many people say this is the best restaurant in this town.
5. The teacher made the boy close the window.
6. The old man must be over eighty years old.
7. He wants to know what his daughter wants for her birthday.
8. ~~Have~~ **Did** they ~~waited~~ **wait** for a long time?
9. Do you know why he said so?
10. We saw the bird fly away.

1. It will be necessary for you to study abroad.
2. That man may be Tom's father.
3. Has he read the letter yet?
    - No, he hasn't.
4. My brother always makes me do what he doesn't want to do.
5. Is German more difficult than English?
6. Please tell me when to come here next time.
7. This book is the most interesting of **the** five.
8. Do you think Helen is in love?
9. He left the office early to see his girlfriend.
10. His mother asked him to post ~~it~~ **the letter** on the way.

1. This is a song often sung by young people.
2. Are you going to do your homework this afternoon?
3. He is writing something.
4. Is that the bus which goes to the town?
5. ~~He~~ **She** took ~~his~~ **her** daughter to the hospital.
6. The second question was much more difficult than the first one.
7. How beautiful this song is!
8. Have you ever seen him swim?
9. Does your sister look young?
    - Yes, she does.
10. I have been driving this car for more than ten years.

