+++
title =  "2020-06-10: News"
date = 2020-06-10T20:00:00+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://ychef.files.bbci.co.uk/1600x900/p08glntw.jpg"
description = "Why litter is surging as lockdowns ease"
+++

I've read some news below.
* [Why litter is surging as lockdowns ease](https://www.bbc.com/worklife/article/20200610-why-are-parks-full-of-litter-as-lockdown-eases)

## Why litter is surging as lockdowns ease?
Actually, I feel that litter is increasing as lockdowns ease.
I always see littered worn masks on a road.

The article said a reason about why litter is surging as lockdowns ease,
and it said what we should do.

A littering epidemic begins as lockdown eases.
In general, people justify littering by saying that bins are overflowing.
And now, rubbish and recycling collection has been disrupted in some places by the pandemic.
If you see a place that's full of litter, you're more likely to think that it doesn't matter. 
And of course, it's natural that caring for the environment isn't top of mind right now.

In addition, people are gathering with their friends 
with pizza boxes and plastic cups at the parks or open spaces. 
People tend to use disposable items rather than regular reusable items due to corona virus.
They don't want to get sick from using something that might be used by others.
And people use food delivery and takeaway meals more than before.

It's difficult to build a culture of waste awareness,
however, one of the most effective tools is simple.
It's good old-fashioned social disapproval.
That is, it's useful that your friends or someone in your group pay attention to you 
when you are littering. Because we're social creatures.

I think Japanese people always do that.
So, many of cities in Japan is clean and tidy.
Because there is peer pressures in Japan.
There is pros and cons about that.
In my opinion, I don't care if the city is dirty and disorganized 
if there is no peer pressure.

#### Vocabularies

* epidemic: noun
  - a large number of cases of a disease that happen at the same time
* throng: noun SYN:crowd
  - a large group of people in one place
* tsk-tsking: verb
  - to hold an unfavorable opinion of
