+++
title =  "2020-10-15: English"
date = 2020-10-15T09:25:07+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 10/15 lesson

Review words connections.
* consonant-consonant
* consonant-vowel
* vowel-vowel

I learned omitting /h/ sound when linking.
But it was difficult for me to hear the words include such linking all at once.
Once I got used to the pronunciation of the recorded voice, I was able to hear it a little better.
I'll keep practice to listen.

## Speaking: 4-36

### Try.1

1. There are two cats on her bed.
    - Two cats is on her bed.
2. He saw a car ~~which stopeed~~ **stop** in front of his house.
3. It's warm ~~today to swim~~ enough to swim today.
4. Will John teach English in Japan?
    - No, he won't.
    - Is John going to teach English in Japan?
    - No, he isn't.
5. Her friends call her Liz.
6. Is thia ~~a~~ **the** key you're looking for?
    - Yes, it is.
7. Tom and Bob enjoyed the dinner cooked by her.
8. He was looking ~~up~~ **at** the moon with ~~her~~ **his** wife.
9. His book was on the ~~table~~ **desk**.
10. ~~Which girl can you see Mr.Brown's daughter?~~
    - Do you know which girl is Mr.Brown's daughter?

### Try.2

1. He was looking at the moon with his wife.
2. His book was on the desk.
3. Is John going to teach English in Japan?
    - No, he isn't.
4. Do you know which girl is Mr.Brown's daughter?
5. Her friends call her Liz.
6. It's warm enough to swim today.
7. He saw a car stop in front of his house.
8. Is this the key you're looking for?
    - Yes, it is.
9. Tom and Bob enjoyed the dinner cooked by her.
10. There are two cats on her bed.


