+++
title =  "2020-06-29: Touchstone-3 Unit-11 Lesson.C"
date = 2020-06-29T14:15:58+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life"]
+++

# Unit-11: Impressions

## Lesson.C: That must be fun.

### 3. Listening and strategies: People and situations

#### A. Listen to four conversations. Match each person with the situation he or she explains.

1. Mark: c
2. Angela: d
3. Linda: a
4. Dave: b

#### B. Show you understand. Write a response to each person using 'must'.

1. Mark
    + Hey, Mark. How are your tennis lessons going?
    - M: Oh, not too bad.
    + You've been taking lessons a couple of years now. You must be pretty good.
    - M: Well, not really. You see, I've never have much chance to practice.
    - M: I work every night, so I really only play about an hour a week.
    - M: I have a lesson on Saturday morning.
    - M: I really want to be play more.
    * That must be annoying. You must be frustrated.
2. Angela
    + Is that a Spanish text book, Angela?
    - A: Yeah, I'm trying to improve my Spanish. I have really studied it in high school.
    + Oh, I see.
    - A: I'm taking a class three times a week.
    + Wow, you must be pretty motivated.
    - A: Well, I'm going to Mexico on vacation next month, you see.
    - A: And I want to use it, you know, to have real conversation with people.
    - A: It will be my first trip, so...
    * That must be fun. You must be excited.
3. Linda
    + Hey, Linda, congratulations.
    + I heard that you've got scholarship to study in Italy.
    - L: Thanks. Yeah, I can't believe it.
    - L: I'm going to Roma in September for a year.
    + You must be so excited. 
    - L: I really am. You see, I've always wanted to study in Italy.
    - L: It's been my dream since when I was a kid.
    + Wow, did anyone get the scholarship?
    - L: No, actually I'm the only one.
    * That must be nice. You must be pleased.
4. Dave
    + What have you been doing, Dave?
    + I haven't seen you around much lately.
    - D: Well, I've studied in math exam.
    - D: It's in extra class in statistics, and you know me.
    - D: I've never understand the math.
    + Oh, That must be hard.
    - D: Yeah, it really is.
    - D: I'm kind of worried about it.
    - D: You see, I had missed some classes earlier this year.
    - D: So, I've had to catch up my studied recently.
    - D: That's why I haven't much lately.
    + I see.
    - D: So, I don't know if I'm going to be able to pass the exam.
    - D: If I failed it, or I have to take the class again next semester.
    * That must be tough. You must be nervous.

### C. Discuss the questions below.

1. What have you always dreamed of doing? 
    - I've always wanted to travel around the world, foodie trips.
    - You see, there are several types of tacos in Mexico.
    - And, you know, there are many types of sausages in Germany.
    - I'd like to try many countries' dishes, Greek, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, Morocco, and so on.
    - What is your favorite food in foreign country?
2. What have you not been doing a lot this year?
    - I haven't been going any camp this year, due to corona virus.
    - You see, there are good campsites around Mt.Fuji.
    - All Japanese love Mt.Fuji very much, you see.
    - What would you have done unless there is no pandemic?
3. What don't you have enough time to do?
    - You know, I'm learning machine learning and English.
    - Actually I'm trying to make time to learn those, but it's not enough.
    - Because in addition, I'm learning about data science and server management, you see.
    - How about you?
4. What do you want to be able to do on vacation? 
    - I want to go surfing trip on vacation at Okinawa, or somewhere island.
    - You see, Tokyo Metropolitan has many islands.
