+++
title =  "2020-08-29: English"
date = 2020-08-29T12:22:07+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 1-9 Training 9

### try.1

1. The dress ~~is~~ **was** too big for her to wear.
2. ~~How boring this film is!~~
    - what a boring movie this is!
3. Could you bring us breakfast, please?
    - Will you please bring us breakfast?
    - ~~Yes, I do.~~
    - Certainly.
4. After calling to his wife, he left the office.
    - He left the office after he called his wife.
5. Didn't she get surprised?
    - Yes, she did.
    - Wasn't she surprised?
    - Yes, she was.
6. It began to rain suddenly.
7. The painter went to France to see the picture.
8. Why did you have her to do that?
    - Why did you make her do such a thing?
9. I told them not to give up.
10. Do you know where to buy ~~them~~ **it**?
    - No, I don't.

### try.2

1. Why did you make her do such a thing?
2. It began to rain suddenly.
3. The dress ~~is~~ **was** too big for her to wear.
4. I told them not to give up.
5. What a boring movie this is!
6. He left the office after he called his wife.
7. Wasn't she surprised?
    - Yes, she was.
8. Do you know where to buy it?
    - No, I don't.
9. The painter went to France to see the picture.
10. Could you bring us breakfast, please?
    - Certainly.

## Writing: 8th June, 2020 - Black Lives Matter protests take place worldwide.

* a. To be honest, I don't know the Black Lives Matter very much.
    - George Floyd was killed by a police man illegally.
    - Discrimination against black people have been remaining for many years.
    - Black people have been killed by police men much more than white people.
* b. Yes, I'd like to join a Black Lives Matter protest.
* c. I think that is true, because only justice for everyone make peace, I think.
* d. Yes, I do. Ignorance is worse rather than criticism. Ignorance can improve discrimination.
* e. Because of rack of education, I think.
    - We're afraid of people who we don't know.
    - We ought to communicate more each other.
* f. No. There aren't so many racists in my country, I believe.
* g. No, I haven't. I haven't visted so many countries and so many times.
    - In addition, there aren't so many foreigners in Japan.
* h. I think so. All world leaders should express their attitude against discrimination.
    - If they did, people all over the world may begin to change.
