+++
title =  "2020-09-16: English"
date = 2020-09-16T14:07:20+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-18 Training 18

### Try.1

1. He went to Spain to ~~watch~~ **see** ~~a~~ soccer game**s**.
2. She earns more money than her husband.
3. This is the bag which my grandfather bought for me.
4. Is it cool now in Japan?
    - Yes, it is.
5. He tried to solve the problem again.
6. It's so cold that I want something hot to drink.
7. It was snowing at that night when I and my girlfriend had dinner at the restaurant.
    - It was snowing the night when I had dinner at the restaurant with her.
8. The girl whose mother is a pianist wants to be a singer.
9. My brother will be a teacher.
10. ~~Nancy wanted a person who she spoke to~~.
    - Nancy wanted someone to talk to.

### Try.2

1. She earns more money than her husband.
2. It was snowing that night when I had dinner at the restaurant with her.
3. He went to Spain to see soccer games.
4. Is it cold in Japan now?
    - Yes, it is.
5. Nancy wanted someone to talk to.
6. It's so cold that I want~~ed~~ something hot to drink.
7. This is the bag which my grandfather bought for me.
8. My brother will be a teacher.
9. The girl whose mother is a pianist wants to be a singer.
10. He tried to solve the problem again.

## Writing: 14th September, 2020 - Pringles unveils new recyclable paper packaging

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - I think, the green pressure like the article will be much stronger than now.
* b) Have you ever gone back to the drawing board?
    - Yes, I have.
    - I usually go back to the drawing board whenever I change software architecture drastically.
* c) Should Pringles be in a tube, box or packet?
    - I have no idea about that.
    - Because it depends on robustness of the chips, I think. 
* d) How dangerous is plastic?
    - Plastic will be able to kill people, I think.
    - Because people eat plastic broken into small pieces while they don't know.
    - For example, small fishes eat such plastic, bigger fishes eat many small fishes, finally people eat the fishes.
    - Therefore, people may eat too much plastic that can be harmful.
* e) Should we boycott products in non-recyclable packaging?
    - No, we can't almost.
    - Because most products are made of plastic.
    - However, if you are rich, you may be able to buy only recyclable products, because they usually cost high.
    - Therefore, you would better buy recyclable products within reason.
* f) What advice do you have for Pringles?
    - I'll give Pringles one advice, "Copy the Chip Star package of Yamazaki".
    - Yamazaki is making Chip Star similar to Pringles, but its package doesn't use plastic and metal at all.
* g) Why are potato chips so popular?
    - Because it's just delicious.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the Pringles CEO?
    - I'd like to ask the Pringles CEO why it takes 5 years for Pringles to make recyclable packages.
    - Because I don't know such a robust package like Pringles.
    - I suppose that the Pringles chips are more vulnerable than the other chips.
    - Therefore, Pringles is struggling with making new packages, I think.
