+++
title =  "2020-09-23: English"
date = 2020-09-23T09:26:18+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-22 Training 22

### Try.1

1. Who is the **pretty** girl whom you were talking to?
2. What were you doing with him ~~at that time~~ **then**?
3. This work is so important that we must finish it first.
    - As this work is very important, we have to finish it first.
4. ~~Do~~ **Can** you see the dog running in the park? 
    - Can you see the dog which running in the park?
5. Does John clean his room every day?
    - No, he doesn't.
6. Where do you want **me** to **take you** ~~be taken by me~~?
7. She will be able to eat as much as you.
8. I don't know why he quit his job.
9. She was 23/twenty-three years old when she opened the store.
10. Does your father know them?
    - Yes, he does.

### Try.2

1. Where do you want me to take you?
2. Does John clean his room every day?
    - No, he doesn't.
3. Who is the pretty girl you were talking to?
4. Can you see the dog that is running in the park?
5. When she opened the store, she was twenty-three years old.
6. She will be able to eat as much as you. 
7. I don't know why he quit his job.
8. Since this work is very important, we have to finish it first. 
9. What ~~are~~ **were** you doing with him then?
10. Does your father know them?
    - Yes, he does.

## Writing Part2

1. Talk about your best memory of traveling.
    - ~~It was the best memory that I visited U.K.~~
    - My best memory of travelling was when I visited U.K.
    - I and my wife visited London, Windermere, Newcastle, Edinburgh and the Isle of Skye.
    - We saw beautiful castles and scenery, and enjoyed a variety of ale and local special food.
    - I'd really like to visit there again.
8. Have you watched a pulse-pounding movie recently?
    - Yes, I have. It is "Better call Saul", the drama series in Netflix. It's so exciting.
    - The movie is a spin-off of the popular TV drama series "Breaking Bad".
    - Saul Goodman is just a greedy lawyer in "Breaking Bad", however he has a painful past and he is witty.
    - The final season will ~~be~~ start next year, I'm looking forward to it.
9. What subject did you like most in school and why that subject?
    - I liked Science most, because ~~it changed the ordinary events to interesting one.~~
    - it makes things more interesting.
    - That is, I found everything around me has some rules.
    - For example, the water near the bottom of the bath is cold and the water near the surface is hot, something like that.
    - Since I met Science, I started to think why it is. It was very interesting.

### Vocabulary

* pulse-pounding
* spin-off
* greedy
* witty
