+++
title =  "2020 09 21 English"
date = 2020-09-21T13:25:01+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 09/21 Lesson

### The Greatest Wealth is Health

You can't do anything if you are unhealthy.
Unhealthiness demotivate you and you can't do even what you like.
Even if you were so rich that you can buy everything, you can't buy your health.
Therefore, people say that the greatest wealth is health.

Moreover, if you were terribly sick to be died and can buy the medicine for it,
you would like to pay for it even if it costs whole your wealth.
If you are much healthy, it's worthy as same as billionaire.

### Vocabulary

* nutritional
    - relating to the substances in food that help you to stay healthy
* regardless
    - without being affected or influenced by something
* significant
    - having an important effect or influence, especially on what will happen in the future
* induce
    - to cause a particular physical condition
* demotivate
    - to make people less willing to do their job

### Examples of using vocabulary I learned

I'm learning new technology regardless of my task.
For instance, machine learning, automating management software, and a new programing language.
Because they will be significant for my tech career, I think.
In addition, it's interesting and fun to learn new technology.
On the other hand, legacy technology demotivate me.
The Pandemic induced me to learn new things.
This pandemic god rid of commuting to work from me and I can have time to learn new things.
This pandemic changes my thinking and my life.

### Examples

I'm learning new technology regardless of how busy my work is.
For instance, machine learning, automating management software, and a new programing language.
Because they will be significant for my tech career, I think.
In addition, it's interesting and fun to learn new technology.
On the other hand, legacy technology demotivate me.
The Pandemic induced me to learn new things.
This pandemic god rid of commuting to work from me and I can have time to learn new things.
This pandemic changes my way of thinking and my life.

- - -

## Writing: 23rd February, 2020 - Big breakfasts help us burn double the calories

### Discussion

* a) What do you think of your weight?
    - I think I would better reduce my weight.
    - Because my weight is heavier than the average people who are the same height as I.
    - However, in my opinion, even if you have more weight, it's good provided that you're healthy and feeling good.
    - Because it's important not only to be physical healthy but also mental healthy.
    - Therefore, I don't care my weight very much.
* b) How important is a big breakfast?
    - The big breakfast is very important.
    - Because it boosts consuming calories and prevents high blood sugar.
* c) Have you ever been on a diet?
    - Yes, I have.
    - Because I was told by a doctor that I'd better be lighter weight for your health.
    - Moreover heavy weight can have a negative impact not only on my health but also on surfing and jogging, I feel.
    - Therefore, I tried to be on a diet. I'm not on a diet now, though.
* d) Is a big breakfast or big dinner better?
    - A big breakfast is better.
    - Because it boosts comsuming calories.
* e) What is the best breakfast?
    - I think traditional Japanese breakfast is the best.
    - Because it's nutritionally balanced meals.
    - For instance, a rice, a green salad, a cup of miso soup, and grilled salmon.
    - A traditional breakfast in each countries may be good for health, I guess.
* f) Do you worry about the number of calories you consume?
    - No, I don't. I don't like dieting.
    - I want to eat without caring about the number of calories.
* g) Should we eat what we want to and be happy?
    - We should do that absolutely.
    - Because we should care about not only our health but also our mental health.
    - On the other hand, we should not eat only something bad for health.
    - We need to love eating a variety of vegetables, seaweed, fish, and so on.
* h) Why are high-calorie foods so tasty?
    - High-calorie foods may make some narcotics in the brain that makes us feel happy, I guess.
    - People can't stop eating high-calorie foods because of that, I think.
    - For instance, the proportion of men with obesity in Japan has been increasing for a half century.
    - Therefore, we need self-control.


### Vocabulary

* fad
    - ブームみたいなもの
* shed
    - カロリーを落とす
* hearty
    - たくさんの
* metabolism
    - 新陳代謝
* boost
    - 押し上げる
* induce
    - 引き起こす
* thermogenesis
    - 熱の発生
* underline
    - 強調する
* obesity
    - 肥満
* narcotics
    - 麻薬

## Writing: 20th September, 2020 - Thai parks mail litter back to tourists

### Discussion

* a) What do you think of litterbugs?
    - Litterbugs are garbage themselves.
* b) What do you do with your litter?
    - I take my litter back home.
* c) Do you tell someone if you see they have dropped litter?
    - No, I don't.
    - Because, They must be crazy so that they may be aggressive if I tell them.
* d) How much litter is there in your town?
    - I suppose that it's a huge amount of litter.
* e) What do you think of Thailand's litter policy?
    - It's very good policy.
* f) How do you feel when you see litter?
    - I'll feel bad.
* g) What should the fine be for littering?
    - Litterbugs should pay for littering.
* h) Should people go to prison for littering?
    - No, they shouldn't.

### Vocabulary

* litterbug
* take stand on
* strewn
* warden
* offend
* hefty
* fine
* eyesore
* track down
* reunite
* digest

## Listening: 3-22

### MODE.1

1. The guide is going to guide audiences the following orders.
    1. their production line
    2. research and development section
    3. the special projects department
    4. the department where they package their product before they ship them
2. Audiences are required to do the following things during the tour.
    1. day together in a glue
    1. wear name card given in the entrance gate
    1. don't touch anything
3. The guide can't explain about finances.

### MODE.2

1. The guide is going to guide audiences the following orders.
    1. their production line
    2. the research and development section
    3. the special projects department
    4. the department where they package their products before they ship them
2. Audiences are required to do the following things during the tour.
    1. ~~day together in a glue~~
    1. wear the name card given in the entrance gate
    1. don't touch anything
3. The guide can't explain about finances.

### MODE.3

1. The guide is going to guide audiences the following orders.
    1. their production line
    2. the research and development section
    3. the special projects department
    4. the department where they package their products before they ship them
2. Audiences are required to do the following things during the tour.
    1. stay together in the group
    1. wear the name card given in the entrance gate
    1. don't touch anything in the production line
3. The guide can't explain about organization finances.

### Answer

1. They will explore the production line, the research and development section,
    the special projects department and the department where
    they package their products before they ship them.
2. To stay together in a group, to wear the name cards they were given at the entrance gate,
    Not to touch anything at the production line.
3. The organization's finances
