+++
title =  "2020-11-25: English"
date = 2020-11-25T12:00:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Writing: Scientists say they can reverse ageing process - 25th November, 2020

Scientists in Israel say they have conducted tests to successfully stop and reverse the biological ageing process. The tests were part of a joint project by Tel Aviv University and the Shamir Medical Center. The researchers said the science behind their experiments was very simple - they used only oxygen to slow down and turn around what happens to cells as they age. They used high-pressure oxygen on cells that were in a pressure chamber. The scientists said two processes related to ageing and illnesses slowed down. The scientists did tests on 35 adults over the age of 64 for 90 minutes a day, five times a week for three months. Their study was published in the magazine "Ageing" on November the 18th.

A lead scientist explained how important his team's research was. Professor Shai Efrati says the study shows that the ageing process can be reversed at the cellular level. He says we may be able to stop telomeres from shortening. Telomeres are inside cells. The shorter they become, the more we age. If we can stop them getting shorter, cells will not age. Professor Efrati said: "Today telomere shortening is considered the 'Holy Grail' of the biology of ageing. Researchers around the world are trying to develop [drugs] that enable telomere lengthening." He added: "The study gives hope, and opens the door for a lot of young scientists to target ageing as a reversible disease."

### Vocabulary

#### conduct to

#### Holy Grail

#### lengthening

### Discussion

* a) How do you feel about ageing?
  - I feel ageing is troublesome.
* b) What are the good things about ageing?
  - One of the good things about ageing is that
    you can have more knowledge and experience.
* c) Would you like to age at a slower rate?
  - Yes, I would.
  - I'd like to enjoy outdoor activities for as long as possible.
* d) Do you like getting older?
  - No, I don't.
* e) What is the best age to be?
  - The best age to be is twenty four, I guess.
* f) Would you like to take drugs to make you younger?
  - Yes, I would.
  - I'd like to take it provided that it has no side-effect.
* g) What three adjectives best describe this story?
  - Amazing, hopeful and eager.
* h) What advice do you have for old people?
  - I have no advice for old people.

- - -
## Speaking: 4-64

### Try.1

1. It has been raining since yesterday.
2. I hope he **will** win~~s~~ the game.
3. Mary will be as beautiful as her mother.
4. Did Nancy arrive earlier than Bob?
  - Yes, she did.
5. Was he with Paul last night?
  - No, he wasn't.
6. I have never driven my brother's car.
7. I think he had a good dream last night.
8. When are they going to leave Japan?
9. Let's visit him before it gets dark.
10. He has a friend whose grandfather was a famous politician.

### Try.2

1. When are they going to leave Japan?
2. Mary will be as beautiful as her mother.
3. Did Nancy arrive earlier than Bob?
  - Yes, she did.
4. Let's visit him before it gets dark.
5. I hope he will win the game.
6. He has a friend whose grandfather was a famous politician.
7. I have never driven my brother's car.
8. I think he had a good dream last night.
9. Was he with Paul last night?
  - No, he wasn't.
10. It has been raining since yesterday.
