+++
title =  "2020-12-27: English"
date = 2020-12-27T08:31:19+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking 16

1. The girl I teach math is very smart. 
2. The boy has to get up at four o'clock every morning.
3. Can the bird swim?
4. Does she know where the writer was born?
5. Who told you the story?
6. Are there **any** flowers on the table?
7. Has your son already decided to study at that school?
    - Yes, he has.
8. She wanted her husband to told her that he loved her.
9. My wife has been to Spain many times.
10. She likes speaking French.


## Speaking 17

1. Does your wife **often** ask you to take her to ~~the~~ restaurant**s**?
2. The restaurant where they had dinner was opened three years ago.
3. Who runs fastest in the world?
4. Where are you going to go with your wife **tonight**?
5. She likes eating delicious food.
6. My mother is more careful than my father.
7. Are you with your wife now?
    - Yes, I am.
8. Did she marry the man she loved?
9. She wanted to be called Jennie by everyone.
10. Were there a lot of people at the party?

## Speaking 18

1. Is is cold/**cool** in Japan now?
    - Yes, it is.
2. He tried to solve the problem again.
3. She earn~~ed~~**s** more money than her husband.
4. It is so cold that I want something hot to drink.
5. This is the bag my grandfather bought for me.
6. He went to Spain to see soccer games.
7. The girl whose mother is a pianist wants to be a singer.
8. It ~~snowed~~ **was snowing** on the night when I had dinner at the restaurant with her.
9. My brother will be a teacher.
10. Nancy wanted someone to talk **to**.

## Speaking 19

1. France is the country where my wife wants to visit.
2. Why did you say such a thing to your wife?
3. When she read the book, she felt very happy.
4. I read this book twice.
5. Those children are very smart.
6. That beautiful woman is Bob's mother.
7. Tom is the youngest of the three.
8. Does he go to the store every day?
    - Yes, he does.
9. She is one of the singers I like.
10. Be kind/**nice** to Betty.

## Speaking 20

1. Is your brother stronger than you?
    - Yes, he is.
2. This book is more difficult than that one.
3. You will be/**feel** much better tomorrow than today.
4. Are you going to see him tomorrow?
    - Yes, I am.
5. Lucy is in her room.
6. The picture hanging on the wall was painted by my grand mother.
7. His words made her very happy.
8. How many times did you go to that store last week?
9. He had many friends to help him.
10. She was so good at cooking that she opened her own restaurant.

