+++
title =  "2020-03-19: Touchstone-3 Unit-8 Lesson.D"
date = 2020-03-19T18:16:55+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++
# Unit-8: What if?
## Lesson.D: Any regrets?

### 1. Reading
#### D. Discuss these questions

1. What have been the most important things in the writer's life?
  1. to be relaxed and live peacefully.
  2. to try new things and enjoy them.
  3. to be respected by others....
  4. his or her family and friends
  5. to spend time on something worth, like exciting experiences, visiting around the world like that.
  6. to enjoy life without worry.
2. What aspects of his or her life would he or she change?
  1. He or she would change his or her way of thinking.
  2. He or she would change his or her way of thinking.
  3. The person would change way of spending time.
  4. The person would change his priority.
  5. The person would change way of spending time.
  6. He or she would change his or her way of thinking.
3. Do you think the writer would be a better person "next time around"? How?
4. Does the writer remind you of anyone you know? Who?
  1. me
  2. me
  3. no one
  4. my colleague
  5. many Japanese house wife
  6. no one 
5. Do you have anything in common with the writer? If so, what?

### 2. Speaking and writing: What would you change?

#### A. If you Had last year to live over again, what would you change? Think of answers to the questions, and make notes below.

Is there ...
* a person you'd spend more time with?
  - I would spend more time with my parents.
  - Because my father-in-law had cancer and surgery, so my wife much worried about him.
  - I and my wife visited my father-in-law several times.
  - So that I couldn't spend much time with my parent.
* something you'd spend more time doing?
  - I would spend more time learning about machine learning.
  - I'm developing software that detect faces and license plates and redact them.
  - However it doesn't work well. Face detections is OK, but detecting license plates is not accurate.
  - It can detect a big image of a license plate, but it can't detect a small one.
  - I'm struggled with it.
* something you'd spend less time doing?
  - I would spend less time watching my smart phone.
  - I know it's a waste of time, but I can't stop it.
  - I'm always watching it on train, bus, elevator, escalator and in toilets.
* a place you'd go more often?
  - I would go surfing more often.
  - Last year, I didn't go surfing so much.
  - To less high cholesterol, I should do exercise often.
  - If I have to do exercise, I'd like to have fun.
* something you'd take more seriously?
  - I would take corona virus more seriously.
  - At first, the corona virus was found the end of last year.
  - If I could predict that it would outbreak, I would contract high Internet line.
  - I'm working from home these days, but I want higher Internet line to download data for my work.
* something you'd worry about less?
  - I would worry less about learning English in Cebu.
  - I worried about learning English in Cebu because I didn't have enough English skill to go to Cebu.
  - I thought that going to Cebu with poor English skills would not be effective enough.
  - But I should have applied for going Cebu earlier.
* a sport of activity you'd try?
  - I would try Stand Up Paddle.
  - It's a sport, riding on a surfboard using a paddle.
  - You can cruise around island and ride on waves.
  - If there were no waves, I could enjoy cruising.
  - Shounan coast have small waves especially in winter.
  - If I could do SUP, I could have enjoyed surfing even if there were no waves.
* a subject you'd study?
  - I would study British history.
  - I visited UK last year, it was interesting and amazing.
  - Furthermore UK has many castles and historical spots.
  - If I knew the histories, I could have had more fun, I'm sure that.

#### C. Read the Help note, and underline the examples of definitely and probably in the article below. Then write an article about changes you would make if you could live your year over again.
