+++
title =  "2020 07 23 News"
date = 2020-07-23T21:05:41+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://ychef.files.bbci.co.uk/1600x900/p08lk5zb.jpg"
description = "How being realistic can be key to your wellbeing"
+++

I feel I'm realistic rather than optimistic or pessimistic.
So, I wanna know how it affects me.
I wish it makes me happy.

[How being realistic can be key to your wellbeing](https://www.bbc.com/worklife/article/20200722-how-being-realistic-can-be-key-to-your-wellbeing)

Lots of studies over the years have shown optimists to be healthy and happy.
But being a measured realist might be even better for your mental health, researchers say.

It's usually said that the positive thinking is the key to happiness. 
Of course, the positive thinking can blow gloom away and deliver success.
Studies show that most people (about 80%) are optimistic.

On the other hand, pessimism deliver psychological painful,
but it is fairly immune to disappointment.
Pessimistic has a good point,
because we feel twice as much pain from losses than we experience joy from equal gains.

By the way, in the perspective of mainstream economics,
it's said that it's best to have realistic beliefs.
The point is that to make good decisions, accurate, unbiased information is required.

Optimism and pessimism are therefore judgemental biases that make for poor decisions,
leading to worse outcome and lower wellbeing.
Particularly in career choices, saving decisions and any choice involving risk and uncertainty,
they tend to choose harmful options.

According to a recent research, realists have highest wellbeing than optimists and pessimists. 
Because optimists tend to be disappointed with not best results which they expected, and also
pessimists tend to erase the elation when the worst which they estimated is avoided.

Both optimists and pessimists make decisions based on biased expectations.
Not only does this lead to bad decision making,
but also a failure to take suitable precautions to potential threats.
Realists, meanwhile, take measured risks based on evidence.
This may be especially so in the context of pandemic.


I almost agree with that.
However, it's difficult to get accurate, unbiased information required for good decisions.
Because we tend to get information that we want to see and listen to,
regardless of whether the information is true or false.

In addition, every information is biased by the author or the organization where the author belongs to.
We must choose information in good balance.
But, who can say that it's good balance or bad? Nobody can say that.

So, you should focus on facts whilst having various opinions and insights.
Finally believing your intuition and instinct is the only thing you can do.
