+++
title =  "2020-05-30: News"
date = 2020-05-30T10:37:48+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/images/ic/480xn/p08d8qng.jpg"
description = "Taking risks"
+++

I've read the new below.
I should take some risks to survive this world, I think.
Because moderate risks might make me improve and enjoy my life.
So, I want to know how to take risks relatively safe.

[Taking risks: what you need to know](https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/articles/5hgfVydcvFXKwKT22fwRlMG/taking-risks-what-you-need-to-know)


## PREP

In short, the article said that 
risks make us, even risk-avoider of us, rise a challenge.

Emotion and perspective get in the way of our risk assessments.
We tend to care about familiar risk, like driving.
We have car insurance, buy a child seat, and so on.
On the other hand, we tend to ignore distant risks, like climate change.
Because we easily think that someone other then ourselves will deal with it.

The pandemic of corona virus is familiar now.
And we know that we can make rapid changes in the way we work and live despite of the pandemic.
So, the current crisis can make us try to deal with climate change and stable food supplies.

The risks posed by the corona virus have shown that
even the most risk-avoider among us can rise to challenge.

The article said that. That's it.

But, I don't agree with the article.
That is because danger past and God forgotten.
People who's struggling with the current crisis,
like health problems or economical problems, focus on surviving.
They can't pay attention to the future risks, like climate change.
Furthermore, carbon dioxide emissions is decreasing due to a severe recession from corona virus.
Just now the risk seems to be lesser than before corona virus.
We can't change ourselves even if we know that disaster due to climate change is inevitable,
We can't change ourselves until it starts to affect our health and wealth directly.

## Draft

In short, the article said that 
risks make us, even risk-avoider of us, rise a challenge.

Most animals take risky things to express own braves.
That is generally men tend to take more risks then women.
In a new study about brain, taking risks makes us feel good 
due to a part of the dopamine system in the brain.

In addition, Emotion and perspective get in the way of our risk assessments.
We tend to care about familiar risk, like driving.
We have car insurance, buy a child seat, and so on.
On the other hand, we tend to ignore distant risks, like climate change.
Because we easily think that someone other then ourselves will deal with it.

Therefore, the current crisis due to corona virus can make us try to deal with
climate change and stable food supplies.
The risks posed by the corona virus have shown that
even the most risk-avoider among us can rise to challenge.
The article said that. That's it.

But, I don't agree with the article.
That is, danger past and God forgotten.
People who's struggling with the current crisis,
like health problems or economical problems, focus on surviving.
They can't pay attention to the future risks, like climate change.
Furthermore, carbon dioxide emissions is decreasing due to a severe recession from corona virus.
Just now the risk is lesser than before corona virus.
We can't change ourselves even if we know that disaster due to climate change is inevitable.


## Vocabularies
* gung-ho: adj
  - very eager to do something dangerous or violent
* prowess: noun
  - great skill at doing something
* overt: adj
  - overt actions are done publicly, without trying to hide anything
* unravel: verb
  - to understand or explain something that is mysterious or complicated
* inquisitive: adj
  - asking too many questions and trying to find out too many details about something or someone
* perspective: noun
  - a way of thinking about something,
    especially one which is influenced by the type of person you are or by your experiences
* get in the way of something
  - to prevent someone from doing something or prevent something from happening
* grasp: verb
  - to take and hold something firmly
* pose: verb
  - to exist in a way that may cause a problem, danger, difficulties, etc.
* patchy: adj
  - happening or existing in some areas but not in others
  - not complete enough to be useful
* presume: verb
  - to think that something is true, although you are not certain

## Questions
* Did you feel that coming to Japan has some risks?
