+++
title =  "2020-06-30: News"
date = 2020-06-30T20:38:54+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://miro.medium.com/max/1400/1*UxgjNTszHNcZwQMEk_XxnQ.jpeg"
description = "Motivation"
+++

Recently, I'm bored and tired of working.
So, I feel I have to motivate me up.
So that I'm gonna read these news below.

## 6 Secrets of Highly Motivated People

[6 Secrets of Highly Motivated People](https://medium.com/personal-growth/6-secrets-of-highly-motivated-people-150234ae834e)

Have you ever met one of those people who always seems to be energized and enthusiastic —
as if they had a secret supply of motivation?

Highly motivated people build habits that consistently generate new motivation.

##### 1. Manage your energy, not your time.

Most of productivity and habit building advice you hear offers tips and tricks for better time management.
But, Motivation isn't a time problem. It's an energy problem.
Even if your time is extremely limited, you can accomplish a tremendous amount with energy and enthusiasm.

* Start your day with your most exciting tasks.
* Outsource energy-draining tasks
* Batch process your energy-draining task
    - Instead of tackling energy-draining tasks for few weeks, you have to finish them for a few days.

The difference between one man and another is not mere ability, it is energy.

##### 2. Surround yourself with motivated people

For better or for worse, the people we surround ourselves with impact us greatly.
So, if you want to feel more motivated and energized in your life,
surround yourself with energy-giving people.

##### 3. Celebrate your successes

One of the simplest and most powerful things you can do to feel more motivated
is to take time to celebrate your successes — even very small ones.

Get in the habit of celebrating your own successes and
you’ll create a steady stream of motivation for future goals.

##### 4. Be compassionate with your failures

There’s no better way to kill your motivation than beating yourself up after a failure or setback.
So, you shouldn't criticize yourself in any way.

And the best way to preserve your energy and motivation in the face of failure or mistakes is to practice a little self-compassion.
Learn to be gentle with yourself and you’ll be far more resilient in the face of adversity.

Failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.

##### 5. Create an Energizing Environment

We love the idea that the solution to everything is inside us.
And that, with enough insight and willpower, we can accomplish anything. 
But, It's False.

Your environment matters a lot including how much motivation and energy you feel on a regular basis.
Environmental design is the secret weapon for consistently high motivation.
Every minute spent organizing, an hour is earned.

##### 6. Be ruthless about saying No.

One of the most common causes of low motivation is saying yes to competing motivations.

You can’t expect to have high levels of motivation for the things that matter most to you
if you’re wasting all your energy on things that don’t really matter.
Stop wasting it on things that don’t really matter.

You only have so much energy each day.
If you waste it on unimportant things,
you won’t have enough left to do what matters most.

If you don’t prioritize your life, someone else will.

## How to Solve Your “Lack of Motivation” Problem

[How to Solve Your “Lack of Motivation” Problem](https://medium.com/mind-cafe/how-to-solve-your-lack-of-motivation-problem-d38e02025628)

##### Vocabularies
* conductive
    - be organized?
