+++
title =  "2020-11-18: English"
date = 2020-11-18T09:49:36+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Writing: Part2 (76, 77, 78)

76. Explain about the time why you couldn’t express your opinion well.
    - I can't always express my opinion well in English classes.
    - Because I can't still speak English well in spite of studying English everyday.
    - For instance, I can't express well what I felt about something or why I did such a thing, something like that.
    - That is, it's usual not to express my opinion well in English.
77. Would you wait in a long line to buy or eat something?
    - No, I wouldn't usually.
    - Because I don't like waiting for something in a line.
    - For instance, I don't wait in a line to eat ramen or to buy a video game.
    - However, I'm sometimes in a line for eating special local food when I go on a trip.
    - Because I go on a trip to eat local food that can only be eaten there.
78. Advise a new employee assigned to your section what he can do before joining the company.
    - Don't quit preparing for changing a job.
    - If you can change your job freely, you can work here with a lot of fun.
    - Many employees are not satisfied with their job, it's because they can't change their job.
    - It's important for you to work with fun, and for that you need enough skill to change a job easily.

- - -

## Speaking: 4-59

### Try.1

1. My father goes to Germany every year.
2. How expensive this cap/**hat** is!
3. My wife isn't **very** good at driving ~~very much~~.
4. There are many good restaurants in this town.
5. Is this magazine more popular than that one?
    - Yes, it is.
6. How can I open this box?
7. The boy drinking milk is Bob.
    - The boy who is drinking milk is Bob.
8. The ground was covered with snow.
9. ~~They~~ **He** will have to ~~meet~~ **see** them again.
10. The woman sang a song for us.

### Try.2

1. My father goes to Germany every year.
2. My wife isn't very good at driving.
3. The boy who is drinking milk is Bob.
4. Is this magazine more popular than that one?
    - Yes, it is.
5. He will have to see them again.
6. The woman sang a song for us.
7. There are many good restaurants in this town.
8. The ground was covered with snow.
9. How expensive this hat is!
10. How can I open this box?

