+++
title =  "2020-11-06: English"
date = 2020-11-06T11:58:36+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 11/06 lesson: Discussion about rich-mind

### Notes

I should use "OREO" when I deliver my opinion.

### Vocabulary and the examples

#### isolate
* It's important for us to isolate facts and opinions.
* If I go to America, when I come back to Japan I have to be isolated not to infect others with coronavirus.
* I feel isolated in spite of surrounded with many people.

#### lack
* Don't be afraid of lack of experience, you can do it.
* I'm willing to change my job just now, but I'm not ready.
* Don't regret what you didn't do, do it just now.

#### generate
* Wind, Sun, river and sea can generate electricity.
* Skills generate profits.
* Computers generate heat.

#### waking hours
* He spend most of waking hours on SNS.
* Nobody can focus on things every second of waking hours. 
* He is always thinking about his hobby during waking hours.

#### enrich
* Learning enriches your life.
* I'm always thinking about how to enrich my life.
* To enrich your life, be relaxed every day.

#### urge
* He still sometimes feel an urge to smoke.
* I could no longer resist the urge to go surfing last Saturday.
* I urged them to use a source code repository, but they didn't want to do.

#### productively
* If you want to become more productively, you ought to do productive things in the morning.
* Too much focusing on productivity make your life poor.
* You get enough sleep, you will get more productivity.

#### lately
* Lately, I've been feeling tired.
* I take a nap lately.
* I always feel sleepy, because I can't sleep well lately.

- - -
## Rich Mind

### Summary 

Knowledge is the key resource of a rich mind.
Once you have the rich mind, it can only get richer.

To improve your mind, you should dedicate uninterrupted hours of learning.
For example, reading books, take courses, listen to audiobooks or podcasts, 
watch interviews or documenttaries, journaling, or share your knowledge.

You must not spend your hours on social network services.
It's a waste of time.

When you enrich your mind, you’re never bored or lonely.
Your mind has a constant thirst for more knowledge.
And that’s what will keep you active forever.

- - -

## Listening: 4-35

### Mode.1

1. Gasoline prices have continued to rise over the past twelve months.
2. The price of fruit, vegetables and meat increased by twenty percents since last year.
3. Because of higher demand of Chinese economy which is growing so quickly, and China can afford to pay more for oil.

### Mode.2

1. Gasoline prices have continued to rise over the past twelve months.
2. The price of fruit, vegetables and meat increased by twenty percents since last year.
3. Because of higher demand of China as its economy is growing so quickly, and China can afford to pay more for oil.

### Mode.3

1. Gasoline prices have continued to rise over the past twelve months due to the high cost of oil from the Middle East.
2. The prices of fruit, vegetables and meat increased by twenty percents since last year.
3. Because of higher demand of China as its economy is growing so quickly, and China can pay more for oil as its growing.

### Answer

1. It has continued to rise over the past 12 months.
2. They compared prices of fruit, vegetables and meat and found a 20 percent increase in the cost of almost everything.
3. Becasue there is a higher demand from China as its economy is growing so quickly.
    As China's economic stregth grows, it can afford to pay more for oil.

- - -

## Speaking: 4-51

### Try.1

1. I have been driving this car ~~over~~ **for more than** ten years.
2. This is a song often sung by young people.
3. Will you do your homework this afternoon?
    - Are you going to do your homework this afternoon? 
4. How beautiful this song is!
5. Is that the bug ~~going~~ **which goes** to the town?
6. The second question was **much** more difficult than the first one.
7. He is writing something.
8. Have you **ever** seen him swim?
9. She took her daughter to the hospital.
10. Does your sister look young?
    - Yes, she does.

### Try.2

1. The second question was much more difficult than the first one.
2. This is a song often sung by young people.
3. He is writing something.
4. She took her daughter to the hospital.
5. Are you going to do your homework this afternoon?
6. Is that the bus which goes to the town?
7. I have been driving this car for more than ten years.
8. How beautiful this song is!
9. Have you ever seen him swim?
10. Does your sister look young?
    - Yes, she does.

