+++
title =  "2020-03-09: Touchstone-3 Unit-8 Lesson.C"
date = 2020-03-09T16:30:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-8: What if?
## Lesson.C: If I were you, ...

### 2. Strategy plus: That would be ...

1. If you could do something really different, what would you do?
  - I'd fly to the moon if I could.
  - I want to walk on the moon once.
  - It's like bouncing on the trampoline, I guess.
  - It must be fun.
2. If you could have any job, what would you do?
  - Marine biologist and fish farmer.
  - I like fish but they are decreasing in these fifty years.
  - So I'd like to farm every fish we eat.
  - The ecology of most fish is unknown,
    so if I could cleared the secret, I could farm every fish.
3. Would you ever like to get a Ph.D. in something?
  - No, I wouldn't.
  - It's difficult to live as a researcher.
  - If you couldn't get an outstanding research result, you would be fired right away.
  - Moreover, I like practical work rather than just research.
  - I mean I like a work to make people happy more directly.
  - Especially for people around me.

### 3. Listening and strategies: Here's my advice

#### A
* Amy
  - So, how's work going?
* **Tom**
  - Well, It's Okay.
  - I mean I like my job and everything.
  - It's just, well, I don't know.
  - I've been there almost two years, and I don't really know everybody.
  - It's a real problem.
  - I mean I just wish I knew my co-workers better.
  - I guess they're friendly enough but they talk about work all the time.
  - It's kind of boring. 
* Amy
  - Yeah, I can see that would be difficult.
  - I wouldn't worry about it though.
  - I mean if you like your job and everything.
* Tom
  - I know but I spend all my time there.
  - If people were a bit friendlier, it would be nicer.
* Amy
  - Well, you could bring a cake and have a coffee break together.
  - If I were you, I'd just try that.
  - Then, you might get to know them a little better.
* Tom
  - Yeah, that would be good actually.
  - I'm not sure how my boss would react, though.
* Amy
  - Why?
* Tom
  - Well, that's kind of another problem.
  - She is, I don't know, she's all about work.
  - I wish she were more relaxed.
  - I think everyone would enjoy work more then.
* Amy
  - Well, I would invite her for cake too.
  - I mean why not?
* Tom
  - Well, I could.
  - Yeah, maybe I try that.
  - Though, there's another problem.
  - One of the co-workers who does the same job as me got a promotion, and I didn't.
  - I mean, I work harder and I meat all my deadlines.
  - And he's like always making excuses and apologising for working unfinished.
  - It's really annoying.
* Amy
  - Yeah. That is annoying.
  - Well, have you talked your boss about it?
  - If I were you, I'd ask her for advice.
  - You know, about how to get a promotion.
  - People love giving advice.
* Tom
  - That's true, but I wish we could easier talk to her though.
  - Anyway, enough about me.
  - How about things with you?
* **Amy**
  - Well, actually, I met to tell you.
  - I got in grad school here, but I also got a scholarship to a school in Paris.
* Tom
  - Wow, Paris?
  - That would be awesome.
* Amy
  - Yeah, I know.
  - I'd love to go.
  - But the problem is I met this guy and we started going out.
  - It's kind of serious.
  - But I don't think long distance relationships ever work out.
  - I just wish I didn't have to make the decision.
* Tom
  - You know what, I wouldn't think about that.
  - It might not work out.
  - Anyway, he could come and visit you.
  - I'd go to Paris.
  - You might not get the change again.
* Amy
  - Yeah, I'm not just sure.
