+++
title =  "2020-02-05: Touchstone-3 Unit-7 Lesson.D"
date = 2020-02-05T18:44:32+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-7: Relationships
## Lesson.D: New friends, old friends

### 1. Reading

#### A. What are some good ways to make new friends? Make a list.
* Join new community, club or something..
* Ask your friends to introduce someone to you.
* Do something new.
* Go some places where you have never been.
* Be friendly for strangers.
* Don't hesitate to talk to strangers.
* Talking with smile and laughing happily.
* Don't complain or blame someone, I mean you shouldn't say negative things.
* Hear others and respect others' opinion.
* Telling jokes and funny stories.
* It's important to have a sense of humor.

#### B. Read the article. 
##### What have studies found about online dating?
* The 17 percent of people who have got married met each other at online.  
* One-third of singles looking for a partner have used an online dating site.
* One out of every five new relationships starts online.

##### What are the reason for its popularity?
* People are less afraid to try online dating now rather than in the past,
  because they always use the Internet.
* Changes in lifestyle
  - Most people are too busy to meet a potential partner.
  - Most people are always using the Internet for everything.
* Geographic mobility
  - Transportation system - train, cars, ships, and airplane - continues to grow.
  - So, people can meet someone who they want to rather than before.
* The rise in social networking
  - Using social networking system - Facebook, twitter, Instagram, etc. -,
    people can talk each other in spite of long distance.

#### C. Read the article again. Circle the correct words to make the sentences true according to the article.

- - -
### 2. Speaking and listening: Getting back in touch
1. His college friends
  - G: So what are you doing this weekend, Javier?
  - J: Oh, I have to do something around my house.
    - You know, do the laundry, go food shopping, the kind of stuff.
    - How about you?
  - G: Oh, I'm gonna go see the new science fiction movie that's playing downtown.
    - Have you seen it?
  - J: No, I haven't seen a movie at all for long time.
    - I don't really go out much any more.
  - G: Oh, why it's that?
    - You used to go to the parties and stuff with your friends from college all the time.
  - J: I know, I guess that's just so much to do work now.
    - I hardly ever see any of my college friends now.
  - G: Really?
  - J: Yeah, I kind of got tired of parties and clubs and everything.
    - And I stated to do another things.
    - Like writing songs and stuff like that.
    - I wanna record an album.
    - I'm really excited about it.
  - G: That sounds great. 
2. His running buddy
  - G: Whatever happened to the guy you used to go running with?
    - You used to hang out with him all the time?
    - Did he get married or something?
  - J: Oh, you mean Ben?
    - Yeah, He got married.
    - Actually his wife has their baby.
    - He never has time for running or anything now.
  - G: Yeah, wow.
    - I guess if he has a family now.
    - I'm sure he'll call you if he has more time.
  - J: Yeah, I hope so.
    - I'd really like to see him again.
    - He's a fun guy.
3. His old girlfriend
  - G: And what about that nice girl you were seeing?
  - J: Maggie? Oh yeah.
    - She was nice. But it wasn't working out.
    - We were just very different people.
    - So we decided to break up.
    - We don't see each other any more. But that's OK.
  - G: Oh well, I guess it's good to focus on your music for a while.
  - J: Yeah, it is. I'm enjoying it.
  
