+++
title =  "2020-12-24: English"
date = 2020-12-24T09:03:03+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2020/12/24 lesson: Handling Questions in Presentation

### 1. Positive Response

1. That's a good/difficult/an interesting question.
2. Thank you for asking that question

### 2. Check your answer

1. Does that answer your question?
2. Did I answer your question?
3. Is that clear now?

### 3. Clarifying Questions

1. I'm afraid I didn't catch that.
2. I'm sorry could you repeat your question, please?
3. So, if I understand you correctly, you would like to know whether ...

### A. Wrong person

1. I'm afraid I can't really answer that.
2. I'm afraid that's not really my area/field.

### B. Wrong topic

1. If you don't mind, could we discuss that on another occasion?
2. I'm afraid that's not really what we're discussing today, perhaps we could discuss about it some other time.

### C. Admitting you don't know

1. I'm afraid I don't know the answers to your question, but I'll try to find out for you.
2. I'm afraid I'm not in a position to answer that question at the moment.

### D. Postponing questions

1. If you don't mind, I'll {deal with}/{come back} to this point later in my presentation.
2. Can we get back to this point a bit later?

### Be more politely

You ought to use indirect questions, like "Could you tell me wh..." or "Do you mind if I ask wh..." and so on.

### Vocabulary

* anticipate
  - to expect that something will happen and be ready for it
* hedge
  - to avoid giving a direct answer to a question

### Simulation questions and answers

1. How do I get from Tokyo to Ise city?
  - Thank you for asking that question.
  - You will have to take multiple modes of transportation.
  - You can use Shinkansen, a limited express train, a local train and a bus.
  - It will take about five hours.
  - Or, you can drive. It will take six or seven hours.
  - IS that clear now?



- - -

## Speaking 11

1. This book is hers.
2. It was warm on the day when he came back to Japan.
3. It was boring for her to study the subject.
4. They stopped running suddenly.
5. He can fly/**jump** higher than you.
6. Would you please take care of my cat while I'm away?
7. The cat was loved by everyone.
8. My son is taking to somebody on the phone now.
9. A lot of shooting stars were seen that night.
10. You will be able to run as fast as your brother.

## Speaking 12

1. Is the girl singing on the stage Nancy?
2. Tom is as smart as his brother.
3. This ring is too expensive for me to buy.
4. Tell them where to go.
5. You must not open this door.
6. Suddenly the doll began to move.
7. Would you please paint these walls white?
8. Where did you buy that sweater?
9. Before it begins to rain, I want to get there.
10. That language is not spoken now.

## Speaking 13

1. After he did his homework, ~~he~~ **the oby** played with his friends in the park.
2. He was going to visit his grandmother that day.
3. She was with her sister all day.
4. They look very happy.
5. Mary is as beautiful as Nancy.
6. Do you often stay at this hotel?
    - Yes, I do.
7. Does he work longer than the other people?
    - Yes, he does.
8. Tell me where you found it.
9. There will be a lot of people here tomorrow.
10. Mr.Green lives in a **wonderful** house which has a beautiful garden.

## Speaking 14

1. Is this watch yours?
2. How did you get to know him?
3. He was running in the park.
4. Does he always do his homework?
    - Yes, he does.
5. When/**What time** does your brother usually go to bed?
6. Who is that tall boy?
    - He is Peter.
7. Who is the oldest in this village?
8. My daughter wants to be a movie star.
9. She likes Tom very much.
10. Did the boy who speaks English well live in America for a long time?

## Speaking 15

1. My father is reading the newspaper now.
2. It is so fine/**sunny** today that I don't want to stay at home.
3. When do leaves turn yellow?
4. It will be difficult to meet the man.
5. ~~Are~~ **Is** there anything to eat at home?
6. She wants to see him as often as possible.
7. He is an actor everyone knows.
8. Is her mother beautiful?
    - Yes, she is.
9. I've never met her.
10. When he saw Mt.Fuji, the boy/**child** began to cry.
