+++
title =  "2020-11-23: English"
date = 2020-11-23T12:00:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 11/23 lesson: TED(Keep Your Goals To Yourself)

### Vocabulary

#### conventional
always following the behaviour and attitudes that most people in a society consider to be normal, right, and socially acceptable, so that you seem slightly boring

* I don't like a conventional way, because it doesn't make me improve.
* There are many conventional phrases in the newspaper, so I am sometimes bored with it.
* The community regards the conventional rule as only the right way to lead them to good future.

#### conventional wisdom
the opinion that most people consider to be normal and right, but that is sometimes shown to be wrong

* If you follow the conventional wisdom, you couldn't create anything new.
* Doubt your conventional wisdom and create something new.
* Conventional wisdom can make people keep rules.

#### resist
to try to prevent a change from happening, or prevent yourself from being forced to do something

* I resisted the temptation to buy the item, however I bought it finally.
* He resisted being punched but, eventually he was knocked out.
* I resist overeating for dinner, however I almost fail.

#### temptation
a strong desire to have or do something even though you know you should not

* I have a temptation to go on a trip, but I can't do that under this pandemic.
* I couldn't resist the temptation to buy it.
* The potato chips is a temptation, I can't resist the temptation.

#### gratify
to make someone feel pleased and satisfied

* I'm not gratified with my English skill, so I should learn more.
* I don't intend to gratify anybody except my family.
* I will do anything due to gratifying my curiosity.

### hinder
to make it difficult for something to develop or succeed

* My career has been hindered by poor English.
* My overseas trip was hindered by my poor English.
* The person hinders me in my career.
* This pandemic hinders improving the world wide economy.

- - -

## Writing: Researchers want to 'correct' Japanese English - 21st November, 2020

There are many types of English around the world. Some wellknown varieties in Asia include Chinglish in China, Singlish in Singapore and Japanese English. A group of language experts in Japan is troubled by how the government uses English. In particular, it says the government uses computer or online translation too much. Researchers say many translations create strange and confusing words and expressions. Many of these are confusing to English speakers. The researchers worry this could have a negative impact on Japan's tourist industry. They even say the increasing amount of unsuitable words is becoming a "national embarrassment" in Japan.

The researcher team says computer software gives odd or incorrect translations for individual kanji - the Chinese characters used in Japanese writing. There are many examples of this, including "Hello Work" - the name for job centres, and "Go To Travel" a plan to help tourism in Japan during the COVID-19 pandemic. The team says software creates, "unintentionally funny translations that could easily be corrected if they were just checked by an English speaker". Businesses also create this English. The Christmas message being used by the Seibu Sogo department store has raised eyebrows. It says "Stay Positive." Many people believe this is the wrong thing to say during coronavirus and "Stay Happy" would be better.

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
  - I think Japanese should study English more.
* b) Have you ever made a big or funny mistake translating English?
  - I've ever made a lot of mistake translating English.
* c) What do you think of the name 'Hello Work' for a job centre?
  - It's no problem, I think.
* d) What do you think of the tourism slogan 'Go To Travel'?
  - It's terrible, I feel.
* e) What was the last thing to happen that raised your eyebrows?
  - I don't remember it.
* f) What do you think of the 'Stay Positive' Christmas message?
  - It's no problem, I think.
* g) What advice do you have for Japan's translators?
  - I have no advice for Japan's translators.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the researchers?
  - I would like to ask the researchers what we should do for improving English skill for Japanese.

## Speaking: 4-62

### Try.1

1. Tomorrow **it** will be as cold as today.
2. He went to the bookstore to buy a magazine.
3. The young man who broke the statue was punished.
4. What did your father say?
5. We lived in ~~the~~ **a** house where stood ~~by~~ **near** the river.
6. He taught them how to use the machine.
7. The day when he goes to the town is Tuesday.
8. They saw the old man fall down.
9. They didn't leave until he arrived.
10. This is the funniest joke I've ever heard.

### Try.2

1. They didn't leave until he arrived.
2. Tomorrow it will be as cold as today.
3. The young man who broke the statue was punished.
4. We lived in ~~the~~ **a** house where stood near the river.
5. The day when he goes to the town is Tuesday.
6. He taught them how to use the machine.
7. This the funniest joke I've ever heard.
8. They say the old man fall down.
9. He went to the bookstore to buy a magazine.
10. What did your father say?
