+++
title =  "2020-12-17: English"
date = 2020-12-17T11:08:32+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Today

This Monday, the government announced to suspend travel campaign nationwide.
So, I canceled my trip to Kanazawa in the end of the year and trip to Okinawa in the beginning of the year.
Because I reserved the flight tickets and hotels for the trip using the campaign.
We could save about forty percents of the total fee for the trip using the campaign.
The government have told us that they would support travel industry and restaurants despite of influence of the coronavirus.
However, the government change their policy this Monday.
Unfortunately, I decided to stay home in the end of the year and new year days.
There is no choice.
I will go on a trip as soon as the pandemic settles down. 

- - -

## Writing: Part2 (14-16)

14. Talk about the last time you had to apologize for.
    - I apologize to my wife every day for what I didn't do.
    - Because she did most of chores and I often forget doing some chores I should have done.
    - She is organized, contrarily I'm not.
15. What is it that you had been afraid of trying but recently overcame?
    - I had been afraid of that people around me didn't like me.
    - However, I overcame it since I realized that they doesn't matter for my life.
    - I realized that I should care of my family and best friends.
    - Because acquaintances and colleagues will surely be gone someday.
    - For instance, when I change a job or a residence.
    - Therefore, I decided to keep in touch with my family and best friends, not acquaintances.
16. Describe what you do for a living.
    - I work for a living.
    - For example, I make some software or documents for my company and get my salary.
    - I'm responsible for developing software about automotive network or supporting other development team

- - -

## Speaking: 6-10

1. If he comes **today**, please give this to him.
2. Mary keeps her room tidy.
3. The cat which often comes here is very old.
4. Let's go to the beach to see **the** sunrise.
5. He told ~~her~~ **the woman** to call her husband at once.
6. He speaks Japanese better than English.
7. The boy whose house is far from school sometimes comes late.
8. The girl gave the cat some milk.
9. The picture was painted by my grandfather.
10. Since I went to bed late last night, I am sleepy.

1. Where was your bag stolen?
2. You must not got out until you finish your homework.
3. Tom went to bed later than his brother.
4. Who is the woman who spoke to Tom?
5. She is one of the most popular singers in this country.
6. She didn't know who the man ~~is~~ **was**.
7. She wanted the man to like her.
8. Has she **already** read the story ~~yet~~?
  - Yes, she has.
9. Do you want to marry her?
  - Yes, I do.
10. You will be able to dance better soon.

1. They believed that the subject was very important.
2. The coffee he made tasted bitter.
3. Who asked you to clean the room?
4. I had to get up earlier than usual this morning.
5. Does he have to go there every week?
  - No, he doesn't.
6. ~~Which one does your husband like, coffee or tea?~~
  - Which does your husband like better, coffee or tea?
  - He likes coffee better.
7. The woman whose wallet was stolen was his aunt.
8. His wife enjoyed talking with her friends.
9. Her car is bigger than yours.
10. A house will be built here next year.

1. Would you bring three chairs, please?
2. When the telephone rang, she woke up at once.
3. He asked her where she was going.
4. The student who speaks English best in this class is Ken.
5. This novel is read in many countries.
6. After they had dinner, they enjoyed dancing.
7. We walked on the road covered with leaves.
8. I'm going to write a few letters this afternoon.
9. Is is necessary for the children to read these books?
10. He will finish writing the novel soon.

1. Do I need to buy this book?
  - No, you don't.
2. He had the waiter bring a glass of water.
3. He let his son use his computer.
4. The tree was too high for the boy to climb.
5. Don't leave the door open.
6. Where are you going to have dinner?
7. I will teach him math.
8. Swallows fly much faster than sparrows.
9. The park where they play soccer is very big.
10. After he took a bath, he drank a glass of beer.
