+++
title =  "2020-10-29: English"
date = 2020-10-29T09:38:24+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 10/29 lesson

### My saying or quotes

My saying is "Run full speed ahead shutting your eyes".
It means you shouldn't be afraid of the future and do your best.
Nobody can see the future, it's like shutting your eyes.
If you shut your eyes, you don't need to care even if someone is laughing at you.
Of course, you will fall down on some obstacles, however it doesn't matter in your life.
All you have to do is doing your best about what you want to do.

### Vocabulary

#### mend

to repair a tear or hole in a piece of clothing

* I mended my tent which has a hole on the ceiling.
* I mended my wetsuit on the seam which has a tear.
* I had my shirt mend by my wife, she is good at everything.

#### ego

the opinion that you have about yourself

* I am careful not to let my ego become too strong.
* One of my friend has the biggest ego of anyone I've ever met.
* I should have bigger ego than before, because I was a little shy. 

#### bawling

to cry loudly

* She started bawling after watching the film. 
* I couldn't do anything about it, I just started bawling.
* Don't bawl, look up ahead.

#### bucket list

a list of things that you want to do before you die

* One of the things on my bucket list is traveling around the world.
* My bucket list is always full, I can't do all of them in my life.
* We ought to begin doing all of your bucket list just now if you don't want to regret.

#### brace

to mentally or physically prepare yourself or someone else for something unpleasant that is going to happen

* We should brace for the second and third waves of this pandemic.
* We may need to brace ourselves for further salary cuts due to the pandemic.
* Brace for earthquakes, because Japan has a lots of earthquakes.

- - -

## TED: 3 things I learned while my plane crashed

`https://www.ted.com/talks/ric_elias_3_things_i_learned_while_my_plane_crashed/transcript?language=en#t-304293`

1. I no longer want to postpone anything in life.
2. I no longer try to be right; I choose to be happy.
3. What matters the most in my life.

## Speaking: 45

### Try.1

1. What time did she get to the station?
2. ~~Drink water as much as possible.~~
    - Drink as much water as you can.
3. Did you go to the library yesterday?
    - No, I didn't.
4. The party hasn't started/**begun** yet.
5. Is the bike John ~~rides~~ **is riding** old?
    - Yes, it is.
6. I saw **a** beautiful rainbow today.
7. Do you want to have some rest/**take a break**?
8. He didn't know how ~~he explained~~ to explain it.
9. Does your son have breakfast every day?
10. I don't think he read ~~the~~ **this** article.

### Try.2

1. Does your son eat breakfast everyday?
2. I don't think he read this article.
3. Is the bike John is riding old?
    - Yes, it is.
4. What time did she get to the station?
5. Did you go to the library yesterday?
    - No, I didn't.
6. Do you want to take a break?
7. I saw a beautiful rainbow today.
8. He didn't know how to explain it.
9. The party hasn't begun yet.
10. Drink as much water as possible.
    
