+++
title =  "2020-10-13: English"
date = 2020-10-13T09:39:58+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-34

### Try.1

1. My brother helped me, when I was doing my homework yesterday.
2. Mr. Brown is going to come to this town next week.
3. Let Bob ~~to~~ read the book.
4. I'm the happiest man in the world now.
5. I found the movie ~~was~~ very interesting.
6. Walk as slow**ly** as possible.
7. ~~Is the milk sour?~~
    - ~~No, it isn't.`~
    - Does the milk taste sour?
    - No, it doesn't.
8. Tell Tom to come here ~~now~~ **at once**.
9. My father likes taking pictures of flowers.
10. The story written by him was very interesting.
    - The story he wrote was very interesting.

### Try.2

1. When I was doing my homework yesterday, my brother helped me.
2. Tell Tome to come here at once.
3. The story he wrote was very interesting.
4. I found the movie very interesting.
5. I am the happiest man in the world now.
6. Let Bob read the book.
7. My father likes taking pictures of flowers.
8. Mr.Brown is going to come to this town next week.
9. Does the milk taste sour?
    - No, it doesn't.
10. Walk as slowly as you can.

## Review 10/12 lesson

### What I wanted to say but I couldn't say

#### Talk about your favorite restaurant

My favorite restaurant is a pub that a brewery in my city manages.
You can drink several types of sake and beer that the brewery made.
I like sake especially "Junmai Ginjo" because it smells good and tasty.
"Junmai Ginjo" means the sake is made of rice, malted rice and water.
In addition, the rice is polished to remove its surface, 
as a result it has fruity flavor and soft texture.

### Vocabulary

* buffer
* casual dining restaurant
* fusion
* instead of, in place, as as a substitute for

When I stay at a hotel, I like buffets for breakfast.
If I can choose a casual dining or a buffet, I will choose a buffet.

I like a fusion of Japanese cuisine and Italian cuisine dishes. 
Because I like both sake and beers which match such the dishes.
I choose a sake instead of a wine when I have those dishes.

## Writing: Part2 (50, 52, 53)

50. Which working system do you like better flex hours or fixed hours?
    - I like flex hours better than fixed hours.
    - Because I can do other things on weekdays.
    - For example, I can go to clinic or do some housework.
    - Therefore, I can take care of my life and I prefer flex hours.
52. Which do you prefer, department stores or local shopping streets?
    - I prefer department stores to local shopping streets.
    - Because I can finish shopping once.
    - For example, department stores have a supermarket, a clinic, a drug store, and an electronics retail store.
    - On the other hand, I prefer local shopping streets when I go on a trip. 
    - Because I can buy local special products.
53. Which do you prefer living in a big city or a countryside?
    - I prefer living in a countryside to a big city.
    - Because I like nature and hate crowded places.
    - Recently you can buy everything online store even if you live in a country side. 
    - In addition, I can work from home due to the pandemic.
    - Therefore, there is no advantage for me to live in a big city.

## Listening: 2-14

### Mode.1

1. The husband and wife are interested in history and geography of Hawaii.
2. People from all over world live in Hawaii, mainly Asians.
3. They would like to see some smaller islands.

### Mode.2

1. The husband and wife are interested in history and geography of Hawaii.
2. People from all over world are living in Hawaii now, mainly Asians.
3. They would like to see some smaller islands.

### Mode.3

The answers are same as above.

### Answer

1. They're interested in history and geography.
2. Now there are people from all over the world living here, mainly Asians,
    but the original natives came from Polynesia thousandas of years ago.
3. They would really like to see some of the smaller islands.
