+++
title =  "2020-07-18: News"
date = 2020-07-18T13:58:08+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://media.wired.com/photos/5f08e0ce1858dc99635e027b/master/w_2560%2Cc_limit/Science_memory-BB8152-001.jpg"
description = "I can't remember anything."
+++

I often forget many things recently, like I go to closet and then I forget what I'm gonna do.
Once before, I forgot to bring my sleeping bag, chairs, tables, BBQ sets and so on. I had to buy them at DIY store at that time.
In addition, I feel I have worse memory than before.
So, I wanna have better memory as much as possible.

[How to Trick Your Brain into Remembering Almost Anything](https://www.wired.com/story/how-to-trick-your-brain-to-remember-almost-anything/#intcid=recommendations_wired-category-right-rail_7a56fb7d-92b3-428c-acb1-e1f8d7fcd86c_popular4-1)

The author said,
with the right technique, you may well be able to remember almost anything at all.
With a little dedication, anyone can improve their memory.

There are five steps to get you filling your head with information.
USA Memory Champion and Grandmaster of Memory use those methods.

1. Start with strong images
    - You ought to use multi-sensor, like sight, hearing, smell, taste, touch, feeling and imaging.
    - Strong emotions make it more likely that memories will stick.
2. Put those Images in a location
    - You ought to use the memory palace, it's the technique of linking images with places.
    - A memory palace is to locate strong mental images in a setting you're very familiar with.
    - Thus, the technique capitalizes on your existing memory of a real place.
    - It's particularly useful for remembering the order of certain elements.
3. Pay attention
    - You should tell yourself this mantra, 'I want to memorize this, I want to memorize this.'.
    - It would align your attention and focus on the task at hand.
4. Break things up
    - You might want to separate it into several chunks, and put them into an image the you could easily remember.
5. Finish up by reviewing
    - It's so important to repeat the information, to transform a short-term memory into a long-term memory.
    - However sadly there is no easy hack for that.

I agree with that and I've heard of similar things like that.
In addition, some of them are not tips, he just said that you should do hard work.
In my opinion, it's the most important things that you enjoy it.
If you could enjoy it, you don't have to pay attention and review it.
Because you can remember it and review it without paying special attention.
Furthermore, not only imagination, you ought to have actual experiences about it.
Because if you failed it, you could remember it effectively.
You can remember what you've failed rather than what you've succeeded.
That is, you should imagine it, do it and enjoy it.
That's the good methods to memorize, I think.

## Vocabularies
* set in stone
    - Memory isn't as set in stone as you might imagine.
    - something does not change
    - Is it metaphor? idioms?
* dedication
    - hard work or effort that someone puts into a particular activity because they care about it a lot
* at hand
    - likely to happen soon
