+++
title =  "2020-06-21: Touchstone-3 Unit-11 Lesson.B"
date = 2020-06-21T20:00:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life"]
+++

# Unit-11: Impressions

## Lesson.B: Ups and downs

### 3. Talk about it: Feelings

**Discuss the questions . Write down any intersting or unusual responses, and then tell the class.**

* Do you know anyone who is annoying? Do you get annoyed with people often?
    - Yes, I know my colleague is annoying, because he is sarcastic.
    - I say something, whatever it is, he says its' bad.
    - Yes, I get annoyed with people often. Because I can easily find what I don't like about others.
    - I don't like one out of ten who I met.
* What kinds of things do you find boring? Do get bored easily?
    - I'm bored about someone's big talk or someone's talking who pretends to know everything.
    - Yes, I get bored easily if it's unenjoyable, or too time-consuming, too money-consuming.
* Are you scared of things like spiders? heights? flying? What's most scary?
    - Yes, I'm scared of poison spiders.
    - I've flied with a paraglider.
    - However, I'm scared of bungee jumping and sky diving.
    - Actually, I don't believe that people do everything perfectly.
    - So, I'm scared of the accident of them.
* What things make you feel anxious or worried? Do you worry a lot?
    - I'm worried something injury or disease which make me suffered throughout my life.
    - I'm not worried about a lot, but I'm cared about car accidents, gout or something like that.
* Have you ever felt really disappointed? What happened?
    - Maybe I've felt disappointed about many things.
    - One of them is about me.
    - When I was a child, I thought that I could do everything and I could become anyone who I want to be,
        for example, president, superman, and so on.  But I couldn't.
    - So, now basically I'm not disappointed because I don't expect anything and anyone including me.
    - I'm trying to do anything which I feel it enjoyable without expecting and thinking about results.
* Are you excited about anything right now?
    - I'm excited about surfing, machine learning and learning English.
    - I'm excited with anything which I feel improving myself and I've never known.
* What's the most exciting thing you've ever done? 
    - I've excited with many thing which I've done.
    - The most exciting thing I've ever done was succeeding in the college admissions process.
    - I couldn't go a private university, because it's too expensive.
    - Public school's educational expenses for faculty of science and engineering is five hundred thousand yen a year.
    - On the other hand, private school's education expenses is two million yen a year.
    - To go public university, I needed to succeed in both the first common exam and second exam.
    - I was succeeded in both exams.
* What subjects do you find fascinating? What are you most interested in?
    - I'm fascinated with technology what give me and people huge impact.
    - I'm most interested in machine learning.
    - I think that it effects my career.
