+++
title =  "2020-10-17: English"
date = 2020-10-17T18:47:15+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-(34-37)

1. Let Bob read the book.
2. I found the movie very interesting.
3. The story he wrote was very interesting.
4. Walk as slowly as you can.
5. Tell Tom to come here at once.
6. Mr.Brown is going to come to this town next week.
7. When I was doing my homework yesterday, my brother helpd me.
8. ~~Is the milk sour?~~ Does the milk taste sour?
    - ~~No, it isn't.~~ No, it doesn't.
9. I am the happiest man in the world now.
10. My father likes taking pictures of flowers.

1. That is a very expensive car.
2. Do you know how long Emily has lived in this town?
3. Did he ~~wrote~~ **write** his name with this pen?
    - Yes, he did.
4. You must not watch TV here.
5. She has blue eyes.
6. He needed to be carried to the hospital.
    - He had to be carried to the hospital.
7. The boy jumped as high as he could.
8. If he enters that school, he will have to study many subjects.
9. Is baseball more popular that tennis in your country?
10. Please show me your **the** pictures you took in Paris.

1. Do you know which girls is Mr.Brown's daughter?
2. His book was on the desk.
3. Is this the key you are looking for?
    - Yes, it is.
4. Is John going to teach English in Japan?
    - No, he isn't.
5. There are two cats on her bed.
6. It's warm enough to swim today.
7. He saw a car ~~stopped~~~ **stop** in front of his house.
8. Tom and Bob enjoyed the ~~dishes~~ **dineer** cooked by her.
9. Her friends call her Liz.
10. He ~~looked~~ **was looking** at the moon with his wife.

1. Do they know you well?
    - Yes, they do.
2. Yesterday, I watched TV all day.
3. Has he finish ~~to write~~ **writing** the book yet?
    - No, he hasn't.
4. It ~~will be difficult~~ **won't be easy** to solve this problem.
5. That is the boy I taught English last year.
6. Has the apple been eaten yet?
7. The work must be done today.
8. This book is more famous than that one.
9. Where did Tom and John get off the bus?
10. What is the strongest animal?

## Writing: Over-the-counter medicine may shrink brain - 21st April, 2016

* a) What should people do to keep dementia away?
    - They should not take too much medicine.
* b) What do you do to keep your brain healthy?
    - I'm trying to get enough sleep to keep my brain healthy.
    - Because I heard if you don't get enough sleep your brain become numb like drunken.
* c) Have you ever had any side effects to medicine?
    - Yes, I have.
    - When I took a medicine for sleep, I had a side effect to the medicine.
    - For instance, the side effect made me feel terrible lazy physically.
* d) What are the differences between drugs and medicine?
    - I had no idea the differences between drugs and medicine.
    - So, I looked it up by Google.
    - They are almost same, but little different.
    - Drugs has meanings of poison like heroin or amphetamine.
    - On the other hand, medicine is medicine.
* e) How safe do you think over-the-counter medicines are?
    - Over-the-counter medicines are slightly safe, I think.
    - Because it has not strong effect.
    - So, it's safe provided that you take it too much.
* f) Should all medicine be only prescribed by a doctor?
    - No, they shouldn't. 
    - Because you can't get medicine easily. It's inconvenient.
    - For instance, you may want some medicines when you get sick suddenly at night.
    - Therefore, it's better to be able to get medicines by a doctor and a pharmacy both.
* g) Do you ever take medicine and it doesn't work?
    - Yes, I do.
    - When I took medicine for sleep, but it didn't work.
    - However, I worried about over dose, so I didn't get it twice at once.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the researchers?
    - I'd like to ask the researchers whether we can know the sign of brain shrinkage before it starts.
    - If we can do that, we can do something countermeasure for it, I think.

