+++
title =  "2020-11-09: English"
date = 2020-11-09T14:57:45+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 11/09 lesson: Discussion - current event 8 politics ?

### Notes

* Don't use "that's it" or "that's all" in the end of my opinion.
* Remember "OREO" method when I express my opinion.

### Vocabulary

#### decade
a period of ten years

* A CD I bought for the first time was named "Decade of Decadence" of "Motley Crue".
* I have worked as a software engineer for more decade.

#### sworn in
got someone to do a job by making them promise to do a job

* When will the new president of America be able to be sworn in?
* Mr.Biden will be sworn in the next January.
* Mr.Suga was sworn in by Emperor as Japan's Prime Minister.

#### ran
took part in an effort to win an election as a leader

* Mr.Ishiba ran to become the prime minister of Japan but he lost to Mr.Suga.
* He ran to become the next mayor, however I didn't want him to be it. 

#### daydream
lots of nice thoughts that make you forget about the present

* Since he always has a kind of daydream, I can't make him out.
* Don't always have a daydream, you must face your real.
* It is so amazing like that I have a daydream.

#### post
a position of paid employment or job

* I will apply for a post of a software engineer in a fin-tech field. 
* He wanted to become a director of the department, however he couldn't.
* She wasn't eager to have the post however her colleagues wanted her to have it.

#### Star
a famous, a very talented person

* Mr.Koizumi was a rising star in the government party because he was the best at public speaking.
* He was a star before, but now he is ruined.

- - -

## Writing: Part2 (70, 71, 72)

70. If you get a 10-day break, what would you like to do?
    - I would like to go on a trip.
    - Because I'm tired of staying home to avoid infecting with coronavirus.
    - For instance, I want to go to a tropical island or a snowy country.
    - Therefore, I would go on a trip to somewhere if I get a long days break.
71. What would you do if your boss needs your help when you already have a plan?
    - I would ask him whether or not I can help him.
    - Because I want to help my colleagues as possible as I can.
    - For instance, they may need a help to write a report or make an experiment. 
    - So, I would help him.
72. What would you do when you leave your stuff on the train?
    - I would call a lost-and-found/lost-property office.
    - Because I could get it back if a kind someone found it.
    - To be honest, I have left my stuff behind on the train a year ago.
    - At that time, I could get it back.

## Speaking: 4-52

### Try.1

1. That old man who lives in that house is **very** rich.
2. How many pets does he have?
3. Although that man is rich, he isn't happy.
4. You don't have to worry **about** anything.
5. He ~~rent~~ **lent** me the magazine.
6. Whose dictionary did she borrow?
7. That is the hotel **where** we stayed last year.
8. It was too dark to take ~~a picture~~ **picutres**.
9. It is impossible for me to make him out.
    - It is impossible for me to understand him.
10. She is not old enough to work here.

### Try.2

1. Whose dictionary did she borrow?
2. How many pets does she have?
3. She is not old enough to work here.
4. He lent me the magazine.
5. Although that man is rich, he isn't happy.
6. ~~That~~ **The** old man who lives in that house is very rich.
7. It was too dark to take pictures.
8. You don't have to worry about anything.
9. It's impossible for me to understand him.
10. That is the hotel where we stayed last year.


