+++
title =  "2020-11-16: English"
date = 2020-11-16T10:37:43+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 11/16 lesson: Discussion
[Mental Models and Making Decisions You Don’t Regret](https://dariusforoux.com/mental-models/)

### Notes

1. Answer compound questions respectively and concisely.
2. Use prepositions correctly and make sentences understandably.

### Vocabulary

#### hindsight
the ability to understand a situation only after it has happened

* With hindsight, I could have done something good unless I was lazy with many things.
* With hindsight, I had many things that I feel there had to be a better way to do them.

#### romanticize
to talk or think about things in a way that makes them seem more romantic or attractive than they really are

* When we are in a tough situation, we tend to glorify or romanticize reality.
* I don't like to romanticize messy work.

#### imminent
an event that is imminent, especially an unpleasant one, will happen very soon

* A combination of flu and coronavirus is imminent this winter.
* My step-father was about to be in imminent danger of dying three months ago.

#### pseudo-intellectuals
a person who wants to be thought of as having a lot of intelligence and knowledge but who is not really intelligent or knowledgeable

* Don't be pseudo-intellectual, you shouldn't mind how others look at you.
* I don't like a person who is pseudo-intellectual.

- - -

## Speaking: 4-57

### Try.1

1. The cat is called Tama.
2. When he told us **about** the plan, it sounded impossible.
3. The woman named Nancy Brown came here today.
    - A woman whose name was Nancy Brown came here today.
4. ~~Why did he draw the paint?~~
    - Why did he paint this picture?
5. Did you watch the program again?
    - Yes, I did.
6. The news will surprise them.
7. It will be cloudy in Paris **tomorrow**.
8. Bob must know her telephone number.
9. The teacher took the students to the museum.
10. The vegetables sold here are fresh.

### Try.2

1. Why did he paint ~~the~~ **this** picture?
2. The vegetables sold here are fresh.
3. The cat is called Tama.
4. The news will surprise them.
5. It will be cloudy in Paris tomorrow.
6. A woman whose name was Nancy Brown came here **today**.
7. Bob must know here phone number.
8. When he told us about the plan, it sounded impossible.
9. The teacher took the students to the museum.
10. Did you see the program again?
    - Yes, I did.
