+++
title =  "2020-10-22: English"
date = 2020-10-22T10:12:10+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 10/22 lesson

### What I wanted to say but I couldn't say

I would like to make beef brisket using slow cooker.
Because the brisket cooked by slow cooker is super soft and juicy.

### what I felt difficult

Phrasal verbs of 'make' have lots of meanings and 
it seems that they are used in limited situations.
So, it was not easy for me to imagine such situations and 
make sentences using those idioms at the same time.

### Idioms and Examples using the idioms

#### make up something
1. form the whole of something
    - Water make up sixty percents of human body.
    - My family makes up most of my happiness.
    - My salary makes up most of my income, I want to earn more money through foreign currency exchange.
    - Nitrogen makes up eighty percents of air.
2. make up to produce a new story, song, game etc thinking
    - We tried to make up an idea of new products, however it is not easy.
    - It's not easy to make up new idea to change the world.
    - I wonder how the novelist can keep making up new stories.
    - The song writer has kept making up new songs for a long time. 
3. to pretend that something is true in order to deceive someone
    - Criminals often make up sad stories about them.
    - Some people make fake news up on social network services.
    - I don't trust a person who make up a gossip.
    - He made a whole story up to deceive us.

#### make for somewhere
1. to go in the direction of a particular place
    - It's already six, it's time we made for home.
    - I've got to make for the office to attend a meeting.
    - I was making for the place where I have wanted to go.
    - She has got to make for the department store to buy a present for her father.

#### make out something/somebody

1. to be just able to see or hear something
    - I could make out a big wave moving towards me.
    - I made out the glass began to shake, it was due to earthquake.
    - I made out my mistake and then I fixed it right away.
    - He makes out even tiny mistakes and blame me, I'm tired with him.
2. to understand something, especially the reason why something has happned
    - I can't make out why the coronavirus has been born.
    - As far as I can make out, the reason that it doesn't work is because the part of it is broken.
    - I couldn't make out how it had begun.
    - I made out why she was scared of something.
3. to understand someone's character and the way they behave
    - I couldn't make him out why he said such a terrible thing.
    - Can you make him out why he did that?
    - I can't make you out, never. 
    - I don't want to make you out.

#### make up for something

1. to make a bad situation better, or replace something that has been lost
    - As I got behind with my work, I'll make up for the lost time.
    - I have many shortcomings, but my strength makes up for those.
    - He lost his fingers, however his wisdom makes up for those.
    - I'll make up for the lost money as I failed to invest.

#### make it up to somebody

1. to do something to show that you are sorry about the problems you have caused someone 
    - I troubled him so I'll make it up to him.
    - Since I get behind with the meetings, I'll make it up to my team.
    - He made many troubles when he was younger, so he is decided to make it up to his family.
    - He betrayed his family's expectation, so that he wants to make it up to his family. 

- - -

## Today

I'm planning a trip to Hokuriku region.
Hokuriku region is north west from here and snowy region.
Hokuriku region has delicious seafood in winter.
For instance, crab, yellowtail fish, black scraper fish, deep-water shrimp, and deep-sea fish.

In addition, probably it will snow heavily this year as usual.
I'm looking forward to beautiful snowy scenery.

## Speaking: 4-40

### Try.1

1. The children ~~was so loudly~~ **were so noisy** so that I couldn't read the newspaper.
2. It's already nine o'clock.
3. He was surprised ~~at~~ **to here** the result.
4. That car must be his.
5. Learning that language is not easy.
6. Is the gentleman who is reading the newspaper ~~at~~ **on** the bench Mr.Brown?
7. When I was a child, I bought the magazine every week.
8. I wonder when this train arrives at Tokyo.
    - I wonder what time this train will get to Tokyo.
9. Tom and John went to bed before ten **o'clock** yesterday.
10. Emily saw the man enter/**go into** the bank.

### Try.2

1. He was surprised to hear the result.
2. I wonder what time this train will get to Tokyo.
3. Is the gentleman who is reading the newspaper on the bench Mr.Brown?
4. That car must be his.
5. The children ~~was~~ **were** so noisy so that I couldn't read the newspaper.
6. Emily saw the man go into the bank.
7. It's already nine o'clock.
8. Tom and John went to ~~the~~ bed before ten o'clock yesterday.
9. Learning that language isn't easy.
10. When I was a child, I bought the magazine every week.

## Writing: Part2 (54, 55, 56)

54. How do you reserve a conference room in your company?
    - We can reserve a conference room in our company through Microsoft outlook schedule.
    - To reserve a conference room, we must check out whether or not the room is available.
    - And then if the room is available we can add a meeting schedule there.
    - On the contrary, if it's unavailable, we must change the meeting schedule.
55. Explain about the rules for smoking at your workplace.
    - My company prepare some smoking rooms in our building.
    - Every smoker must smoke in those rooms, not outside.
56. Choose one sport and explain the rules and how to play it.
    - First, I'll explain manners for surfing, not rules.
    - Because I don't know the rules of surfing competition.
    - One of manners for surfing is not to ride a wave which other surfer is riding on.
    - Because it's danger for many surfers to ride one wave.
    - Second, I'll explain how to surf.
    - You paddle, feel the wave pushing you, and then stand up on the surfboard.
    - That's all. You can enjoy surfing.
