+++
title =  "2020-10-19: English"
date = 2020-10-19T09:36:42+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 10/19 lesson

### Idioms and examples using the idioms

If possible, I want to be able to speak English well in no time.
However, I won't be able to speak all of a sudden without huge efforts.
I've studied English so far but I can't still.

Nowadays you may be able to have a translator device to communicate with foreigners right away,
but you'd better to keep learning English in the long run.
Because you have to respond as soon as possible to communicate with foreigners well.

By the way, I could have gone to Cebu for learning English if this pandemic had not happened.
However, I couldn't go there at the last minute. I was about go to Cebu though.
If I had been able to go there, I might have been able to speak English without missing a beat. Maybe.

#### all of a sudden
suddenly

* It often begins to rain all of a sudden in rainy season.

#### in no time
informal very soon or very quickly

* I want to change my job in no time if I can.

#### without missing a beat
if you do something without missing a beat, you do it without showing that you are surprised or shocked

* I was disappointed with the team, but I kept on working without missing a beat.

#### right away
immediately

* Do it right away, because we need to go out in no time.

#### as soon as
immediately after something happens, without delay

* I want to change my job as soon as possible, but I can't due to lack of skills.

#### in the long run
later in the future, not immediately

* Ability wins in the long run.

#### so far
until now

* I haven't done my best so far, however I will from now on.

#### be just/about to do something
if someone is about to do something, or if something is about to happen, they will do it or it will happen very soon

* When I was about to leave home, a visitor came.

#### at the last minute
At the last possible instant or opportunity

* I was so scared of bungee jumping, so I couldn't do it at the last minute.

- - -

## Today

It's rainy and cold 13 degrees today.
Last Saturday, I watched a movie, went to shopping and surfing.
Last Sunday, I cleaned my bike and went to surfing.

## Writing: Company pays its workers to sleep - 1st July, 2016

### Discussion

* a) What can companies do to make sure workers sleep well?
    - Companies can prohibit overtime working and promote working from home.
    - Because workers don't have time for themselves.
    - So, companies must not waste workers' time.
* b) Should workers who fall asleep at work lose pay?
    - No, they shouldn't.
    - Companies should focus on the outcome, not how long employees work.
* c) Why is it difficult for people to get 7 hours of sleep?
    - The reason is that it takes a long time to commute and they work overtime, I suppose.
* d) Are there more things nowadays to stop us sleeping?
    - Yes, there are.
    - Anxiety of the future due to the pandemic stop us sleeping.
    - Because you always have to be careful with coronavirus.
    - In addition, you must adapt to huge changes of the world.
    - It requires tremendous efforts to us.
    - Therefore, we may not to be able to sleep well.
* e) What are the health benefits of sleeping?
    - There are lots of benefits of sleeping.
    - Enough sleep let us focus on our work or avoid accidents.
* f) Would you take a sleep pill if it could keep you awake?
    - No, I wouldn't.
    - I can't understand what it's getting at.
* g) What do you like most about sleeping?
    - I like relaxing time just before falling asleep.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the researchers?
    - I'd like to ask the researchers what to do when you can't sleep.
    - I have taken a sleep pill however its side effect made me feel dull.
    - So that I don't wanna take a sleep pill any more.
    - Therefore I want to know how to sleep without bad side effects.

## Speaking: Unit 34-37

1. My father likes taking pictures of flowers.
2. Tell Tome to come her at once.
3. When I was doing my homework yesterday, my brother helped me.
4. I am the happiest man in the world now.
5. Does the milk taste sour?
    - No, it doesn't.
6. Let Bob read the book.
7. Mr.Brown is going to come to this town next week.
8. The story he wrote was very interesting.
9. I found the movie very interesting.
10. Walk as slowly as you can.

1. Is baseball more popular than tennis in your country?
2. The boy jumped as high as he could.
3. Did he write his name with this pen?
    - Yes, he did.
4. Pleas show me the pictures you took in Paris.
5. If he enters that school, he will have to study many subjects.
6. You must not watch TV here.
7. She has blue eyes.
8. He had to be carried to the hospital.
9. Do you know how long Emily has lived in this town?
10. That is a very expensive car.

1. Is John going to teach English in Japan?
    - No, he isn't.
2. There are two cats on her bed.
3. Do you know which girl is Mr.Brown's daughter?
4. His book was on the desk.
5. He saw a car stop in front of his house.
6. Tom and Bob enjoyed the dinner cooked by her.
7. It's warm enough to swim today.
8. Her friends call her Liz.
9. Is this the key you're looking for?
    - Yes, it is.
10. He was looking at the moon with his wife.

1. That is the boy I taught English last year.
2. It won't be easy to solve this problem.
3. The work ~~had to~~ **must** be done today.
4. I watched TV all day yesterday.
5. What is the strongest animal?
6. Where did Tom and John get off the bus?
7. Has he finished writing the book yet?
    - No, he hasn't.
8. This book is more famous than that one.
9. Do they know you well?
    - Yes, they do.
10. Has the apple been eaten yet?
