+++
title =  "2020-09-04: English"
date = 2020-09-04T14:47:26+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-12 Training 12

### Try.1

1. Is The girl singing on the stage Nancy?
2. The doll began to move suddenly.
3. ~~The~~ **This** ring is too expensive for me to buy.
4. Would you paint these walls ~~in~~ white, please?
5. Don't open this door.
    - You must not open this door.
6. That language is ~~not~~ spoken now.
7. Where did you buy that sweater?
8. I'd like to arrive there before it begins to rain.
    - I want to get there before it begins to rain.
9. Tom is as smart as his brother.
10. Tell them where to go.

### Try.2

1. That language is not spoken now.
2. Suddenly the doll began to move.
3. This ring is too expensive for me to buy.
4. Is the girl singing on the stage Nancy?
5. I want to get there before it begins to rain.
6. Tom is as smart as his borther.
7. Would you paint these walls white, please?
8. You must not open this door.
9. Where did you buy that sweater?
10. Tell them where to go.

## Writing: 29th February, 2020 - Microsoft Flight Simulator includes all world airports.

### Summary

The Microsoft airplane game Flight Simulator includes every airport in the world.
Those airports contains not only big airports but also tiny airports.
The designers used satellite images and Bing maps to create those airports.

### Discussion

a. What do you think about what you read?
    - I think that we will be able to drive a car on every roads or sail a ship on every sea in the future.
b. How important are graphics in video games?
    - It's so important in video games, especially one which simulates a real world.
    - Because it decides that people who play the game are immersed in it or not.
    - For instance, if they could feel it as reality not as a game, they could be immersed in the game.
    - Therefore, graphics in video games is so much important.
c. How important are video games to you?
    - It's not much. It usually wastes my time, I think.
    - However, occasionally it can help us to relieve our stress.
d. What other simulator games would you like to play?
    - I'd like to play the game that simulates scuba diving.
    - Because you can see beautiful scenes and fishes.
    - For instance, you can see deep-sea fishes that you've never seen,
      and you can swim with dolphines or turtles.
    - In addition, the 70 percentage of the world is covered with the sea.
    - So, I want to dive all over the world sea in the game.
e. Would you like to be a pilot?
    - No, I wouldn't. Because I prefer a traveler to a pilot.
f. Which is better, flying or using a flight simulator?
    - Using a flight simulator is better. Because it's not risky.
g. What will games be like in 50 years from now?
    - Games will make another world in 50 years.
    - That is, people will be able to experience everything in the virtual world.
    - For instance, people can get every licenses like driving licenses, flight licenses and sailing licenses.
    - Moreover, you can become somebody who you want to be, in the virtual world.
    - Finally, it will be not just games, it will be the another world.
h. What questions would you like to ask the game developers?
    - I'd like to ask them what board game is your favourite.
    - Because I like a board game and playing it with my friends or family.
    - For instance, monopoly or something encampment games. It's simple but deep.
    - So, I expect a new game which I've never heard of.

## Pronunciation

Differences in pronunciation such as l/r, b/v, s/sh/z, etc. should be judged by 
watching the movement of the lips and the way they open their mouth.

In addition, I need to practice saying the words that includes those pronunciation 
in order to recognize the differences in pronunciation.

* keywords
    - belly: your stomach
    - brew: to make beer
    - blush: to become red in the face, usually because you are embarrassed
    - clash: if two armies, groups etc, clash, they start fighting.
    - crash: to have an accident in a car, plane etc by violently hitting something else.
    - bracken: bracken is a large plant with leaves that are divided into many thin sections. It grows on hills and in woods.
    - gland: an organ of the body which produces a substance that the body needs, such as hormones, sweat, or saliva.
    - lace: Lace is a very delicate cloth which is made with a lot of holes in it.
    - lagging: Lagging is a special material which is used to cover pipes, water tanks, or the inside of a roof so that 
        heat does not escape from them or so they do not freeze.
    - glow: A glow is a dull, steady light, for example the light produced by a fire when there are no flames.
    - lair: A lair is a place where a wild animal lives, usually a place which is underground or well-hidden.
    - lag: A time lag or a lag of a particular length of time is a period of time between one event and another related event.
