+++
title =  "2020-11-11: English"
date = 2020-11-11T09:56:03+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Writing: Kamala Harris to be first woman Vice President - 9th November, 2020

Kamala Harris is the U.S. Vice Presidentelect. The major television networks in the USA have announced that Joe Biden has won the 2020 U.S. Election.  They said Mr Biden has 279 votes in the Electoral College, which is enough for him to be elected as America's 46th President. Ms Harris will be the first woman in U.S.  history to hold the post of Vice President. She will also be the first black American and the first of South Asian descent to hold the post. Harris, 56, simply tweeted: "We did it, Joe Biden." She added: "This election is about so much more than Joe Biden or me. It's about the soul of America and our willingness to fight for it. We have a lot of work ahead of us. Let’s get started."

Kamala Harris has been a rising star in the Democratic Party for the last two decades. She served as California's attorney general before becoming a US senator. She ran to become the nominee for the 2020 Democratic presidential campaign but lost to Joe Biden. However, Mr Biden chose her as his running mate. They will be sworn in as President and Vice President on January 20.  Jemele Hill, writing in the Atlantic magazine, said: "Harris' ascent to the vice-presidency is certainly a reflection of what's possible. She has accomplished something that no other black woman has. I can't help but daydream about Harris someday stepping one level up to the presidency."

### Vocabulary

* descent
* attorney general
* nominee
* swear in
* ascent

### Summary


### Discussion

* a) What do you know about Kamala Harris?
* b) What do you think of the US election result?
* c) What does a Vice President do?
* d) Do you think Kamala Harris should do as Vice President?
* e) How happy are you with your country's leaders?
* f) What is the soul of America?
* g) What work does Kamala Harris have ahead of her?
* h) What advice do you have for Kamala Harris?

## Speaking: 4-54

### Try.1

1. How ~~hard~~ **tough** this meat is!
2. Mary runs the fastest of the girls.
3. The ~~book store~~ **bookstore** where I bought this book was in London.
4. The man running this restaurant is her ~~relative~~ **cousin**.
5. Is that the house they **have** decide**d** to buy?
6. She asked me what my job ~~is~~ **was**.
7. Does his wife speak Japanese?
    - Yes, she does.
8. They treated me kind.
    - They were kind to me.
9. ~~Have you studied to pass the exam for a long time?~~
    - Have you been studying for a long time to pass the exam?
10. Although I **have** had lunch, I'm still hungry.

### Try.2

1. Is that the house they **have** decided to buy?
2. The man running this restaurant is her cousin.
3. The bookstore where I bought this book was in London.
4. How tough this meat is!
5. Have you been studying for a long time to pass the exam?
6. She asked me what my job was.
7. Mary runs the fastest of the girls.
8. Although I have had lunch, I'm still hungry.
9. Does his wife speak Japanese?
    - Yes, she does.
10. They were kind to me.
