+++
title =  "2020-03-15: Review and my last few days"
date = 2020-03-15T19:09:18+09:00
tags = ["review", "private life"]
+++

At the last lesson, I and my teacher cleared my goals of learning English in Cebu.

My goals are, firstly, to speak general English smoothly, frequently, and naturally.
Because I want to enjoy small talks with people who I meet in trip.
If I could do that, I could have new idea and thought to enjoy my life
through their culture, history, custom, and etc. 

Secondary is to get a job abroad, like the United States, the United Kingdom,
Singapore, Australia, or New Zealand, and so on.
To know other countries more, it's good idea to live there, I think.
I can improve my English skill and learn about the countries deeply. 

Finally is to get much information about technologies.
New technologies are always published in English, thesis, documents, presentation, and its movie.
I'd like to improve my technical skill more,
so that I have to be able to listen to the presentations and to read those books and thesis.
I need to follow the new technologies to live as an engineer.

Furthermore, my teacher, Cathy told me three tips for learning English in Cebu.
First tip is to prepare for quick response using easy vocabulary, phrasal verbs, and so on.
I should always prepare to talk everybody any themes.
In both ordinary life and business, most conversation is small talk.
To keep small talk long, quick response is needed.
I have to say something about the theme before thinking.

Second tip is to talk and talk, don't hesitate to talk, don't be shy.
To improve English skill, especially speaking,
I should always communicate other people through small talk.
Don't miss any occasions to speak English.

Third tip is not to speak Japanese.
Many Japanese students go to Cebu branch, so I might want to talk them in Japanese. 
However, it means that I miss occasions to improve my English skill.
That's terrible.

I clear my goals and I get the tips,
I'm gonna go Cebu to improve English skill as possible as I can.

