+++
title =  "2020-12-01: English"
date = 2020-12-01T09:43:29+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2020/12/01 lesson

Review 2 syllable stress and N/Ng sound

### Create a short paragraph about my hobby and wish

My hobby is mainly surfing.
I'm a big fan of surfing because I feel nature power and the smooth surface of the wave during riding waves.
My wife and I used to go camping before this pandemic, however in these days we don't. Because nowadays many campers go camping, so campsites is very crowded. Many people feel safer at a rural side than an urban side, I guess.
We are afraid of being infected with coronavirus there.

Today I listened to an interesting news that U.K. approved a new vaccine against the coronavirus and they will start to deliver the vaccine to people next week. I wish it will work well and we will be able to live feeling safe.

- - -

## Today

It's chill today.
All this week is chill.

- - -

## Speaking: 68

### Try.1

1. Eat this, or she will be/**get** angry.
2. Let's have her ~~to~~ do this work.
3. He doesn't know how old his grandmother is.
4. Doesn't she like ~~a dog~~ **dogs**?
    - No, she doesn't.
5. My grandmother likes talking with young people.
6. I have never been spoken **to by** ~~from~~ that man.
7. Look at that cat which is drinking milk.
8. Do you know which car is the most expensive?
9. He made me sing.
10. Where did the children go ~~for playing~~ **to play** baseball?

### Try.2

1. He made me sing.
2. Let's have her do this work.
3. My grandmother likes talking with young people.
4. Where did the children go to play baseball?
5. Do you know which car is the most expensive?
6. He doesn't know how old his grandmother is.
7. Look at that cat which is drinking milk.
8. I have never been spoken to by that man.
9. Doesn't Mary like dogs?
    - No, she doesn't.
10. Eat this, she will get angry.
