+++
title =  "2020-06-12: Touchstone-3 Unit-11 Lesson.A"
date = 2020-06-12T17:45:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life"]
+++

# Unit-11: Impressions

## Before you begin ...

**What impressions do you get from each of these pictures? Make some guesses.**

* What do you think is the relationship between the people in each picture?
  1. A coach and players of a football team
  2. A instructor and a beginner of sky diving 
  3. A birthday girl, her siblings or friends, and her parents and grandparents.
* What do you think is happening?
  1. The football team won the championship.
  2. They are about to dive from a airplane.
  3. They are celebrating a girl's birthday.
* How do you think each person feels?
  1. The children are happy to win and the coach is proud of them.
  2. The instructor is calm down and enjoy it, but the student is scared.
  3. They're all happy and smiling.

## Lesson.A: Speculating 

### 1. Getting started

#### A. Make three guesses about the picture. Who do you think the people are? How old are they? Where are they?

1. Who: They are graduating and their parents.
2. How old: They are about 22 years old.
3. Where: They are at their university.

#### B. Emma and Lloyd are speculating about the young girl. What guesses do they make?

Emma and Lloyd guess that she is graduating.
However, she looks too young, she looks at most 12 years old.
So, they speculate that the girl is genius and she studies a lot.
Therefore, they guess that she doesn't have too many close friends.
Furthermore they speculate that her parents proud of her very much.

#### C. Complete the seconds sentences so they mean the same as the first sentences. Use the conversation above to help you. There may be more than one correct answer.

1. I'm sure that girl is smart. She **must be** smart.
2. I'm sure she isn't older than 12. She **can't be** older than 12.
3. Maybe the guy she's talking to is her professor. The guy she's talking to **may be** her professor.
4. I'm sure her parents are feeling proud. Her parents **must be feeling** proud.

### 2. Speaking naturally: Linking and deletion with must

#### B. Which of the speculations about the girl do you agree with? Can you add any more?

I agree with that the girl is genius and graduating.
She must study a lot and she can't have too many close friends here.
And the guy she's talking to is her professor, I guess.
Because he wears a different cape from the others.
In addition, the guy with a big camera can't be her father.
He must be a reporter of something newspaper.

