+++
title =  "2020-09-25: English"
date = 2020-09-25T11:48:38+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 09/25 Lesson

### Homework

* What are the advantages and disadvantages of virtual tourism?
    - The advantages of it is that you can go everywhere you want to.
    - The disadvantage of it is that you can't touch anything in there.

### Vocabulary

* curvatures
    - the state of being curved or bent
* revitalize
    - to give new life, energy, activity, or success to something
* employ
    - to use something
* account for
    - to form the total of something
* in person
    - If you do something or go somewhere in person, you do it or go there yourself.
    - physically

### Examples using the vocabulary I didn't know

The curvatures of the economy are rapidly down these days due to the pandemic, especially travel industries.
Unfortunately, it's very difficult to revitalize the industries for few years, I think.
Because even if good medicine and vaccine for corona virus were developed soon,
it will take a long time for all countries to employ the new drugs.
It's also a major problem that poor people account for the most of the patients with corona virus.
In addition, there is not enough medical workers who work for the patients in person.

### Examples using the vocabulary

* It's difficult to draw a beautiful curvature by hand.
* We shouldn't think that we can revitalize soon the economy damaged by the pandemic.
* I always want to employ a new method to do my task.
* Elderly deaths account for the majority.
* I can go on a trip using virtual reality, however I want to do it in person.

### Examples

* The curvature of learning is like at first rapidly up and gradually gently up.
* I wish that the economy of the world will be revitalized in a year.
* I employ my spare time of weekend in surfing.
* Oxygen account for twenty percents of air.
* It's not good for Japanese companies to outsource developing software,
    they should develop it in person.

- - -

## Speaking: 4-24 Training 24

### Try.1

1. Is he taking a shower?
    - No, he isn't.
2. This stone is heavier than that one.
3. Did you eat meat yesterday?
4. Do you want to go to the sea ~~in~~ this afternoon?
    - Yes, I do.
5. My husband enjoys listening to jazz before ~~sleeping~~ he goes to bed.
6. ~~I come home before seven o'clock.~~
    - I will be home before seven.
7. There is a pretty cat ~~at the garden~~.
    - There is a cute cat in the yard.
8. Is your husband good at cooking?
    - Yes, he is.
9. I ~~always~~ have **always** wanted to visit this town.
10. Many **of the** foreigners I know speak Japanese well.

### Try.2

1. This stone is heavier than that one.
2. Do you want to go to the sea this afternoon?
    - Yes, I do.
3. Is he taking a shower?
    - No, he isn't.
4. I have always wanted to visit this town.
5. Many of the foreigners I know speak Japanese well.
6. My husband enjoys listening to jazz before he goes to bed.
7. Did you eat meat yesterday?
8. I will be home before seven.
9. Is your husband good at cooking?
    - Yes, he is.
10. There is a cute cat in the yard.

## Writing: 24th September, 2020 - Airbus unveils plans for zero-emission planes.

### Summary

The Airbus predicts that hydrogen propulsion fits for fuel of the future airplanes.
However, they need to prepare the refuelling infrastructure.
Anyway, they think that the fuel can change the aviation industry.

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - It's great idea that they change the propulsion of airplanes to hydrogen.
    - Even Greta Thunberg must say that it's great idea.
* b) What would life as Airbus' CEO be like?
    - The life as CEO would be super stressful, I guess.
    - Because he is responsible for a tremendous number of workers.
    - In addition, he must be under pressure from the French government.
* c) What historic moments have there been in aviation history?
    - I don't know about the aviation history.
    - However, the two world war were related with the aviation history, I guess.
* d) How can air travel be improved?
    - It could be more faster in the near future, I think.
* e) What would life be like without airplanes?
    - It would be inconvenient life if there were no airplanes.
* f) What three adjectives best describe this news?
    - The three adjectives that describe this news are 1, 2, 3.
* g) What renewable energies show the most promise?
    - The solar power generation shows the most promise, I think.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the Airbus CEO?
    -

### Vocabulary

* opt
* propulsion
* decisive
* upbeat
