+++
title =  "2020-05-02: Touchstone-3 Unit-10"
date = 2020-05-02T17:30:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-10: What's up?

#### Lesson.A

* Talk about your news using the present perfect,
    present perfect continuous, 'since', 'for', and 'in'.

#### Lesson.B

* Describe movies
* Talk about your social life using the present perfect with
    'already', 'still', and 'yet'.

#### Lesson.C

* Ask for a favor politely
* Use 'All right', 'OK', and 'Sure' to agree to requests and
    'All right', 'OK', and 'So' to change topic.

#### Lesson.D

* Read a movie review
* Write a review

## Pictures

1. There is a man who is playing bowling. He wears a shirt and jeans.
    - I had sometime gone to bowling with my family when I was a child.
    - There was a bowling trend in 1970's in Japan, and my father liked it.
    - My friend's parents may also like it,
        I and my friends had often gone to bowling when we were a junior high school students.
2. There is a lady who is drinking something and looking the sea. She loos like having a breakfast or lunch in somewhere Asian country. She's enjoying holidays, I guess.
    - I had stayed in Canada and enjoyed Niagara falls this time last year.
    - I had already enjoyed England and Scottland at that time.
3. There are two men who are enjoying biking in a hill or mountain.
    - I had had a road bike when I was a junior high school.
    - My parents bought it for me as a middle school gift.
    - I could go far a away riding the bike and my world expanded.
4. Audience are exiting, raising their hands and screaming. It looks like some concert.
    - The first live that I went to was Mr.BIG's live when I was a middle school student.
    - I and my friends went to the live riding a train for 2 hours.
    - We were so excited with it.

## Before you begin...

Have you done these things lately?
What else is happening in your life these days?
* Have you been out with your friends?
    - No, I haven't in these days.
    - I haven't been out with my friends due to corona virus.
* Have you done anything special?
    - No, I haven't done anything special.
    - I have tidied up my room.
    - I have studied machine learning, but I haven't finished it yet.
* Have you had a party?
    - No, I haven't.
    - I had had lots of parties when I was in a graduate school,
        because I and my friends had lived in domitories.
* Have you gone dancing anywhere?
    - Yes, I have.
    - I had sometimes gone dancing when I was 25 or 26 years old with my friends.
    - I wanted to go to somewhere like that because I came from a country side to the big city.
* Have you eaten anywhere nice?
    - Yes, I have.
* Have you joined any clubs?
    - Yes, I have.
    - I have joined ping pong club in a elementary school.
    - I have joined football club in a middle school.
    - I have joined tennis club in a high school.
    - I have jogined boxking club in a high school.
* Have you been to any concerts?
* Have you seen any good movies?

