+++
title =  "2020-06-16: What I couldn't talk well"
date = 2020-06-16T08:18:08+09:00
tags = ["review"]
+++

At yesterday's lesson, I couldn't answer the two questions below.
1. Why did Japanese government decide to lift emergency declaration for corona virus?  
2. Why do I think Japanese prime minister Abe might be failed next election?

I'm gonna answer the questions above here.

#### 1. Why did Japanese government decide to lift emergency declaration for corona virus?  

Japanese government might keep lifting emergency declaration unless hospital beds run out.
We all know that pandemic can't be calm down soon and
it must be keeping out-break until at least two years later,
because we don't have any vaccine and medicine for corona virus now,
and we might not have it until next year in the shortest.
However, many schools, restaurants, tourist and entertainment industries can't wait for such long time. 
If government didn't lift emergency declaration soon, all those industries could be bankrupted.
We should get along with corona virus, wearing mask and keeping social distancing.

#### 2. Why do I think Japanese prime minister Abe might be failed next election?

He could be failed next election due to his wife and mishandle about corona-virus.
Firstly, his wife is famous for her eccentric character.
Several years ago she was drunken at a party and kissed to invited famous musician.
And a few years ago she was drunken at dinner with President Trump.
In addition, she sold nationally-owned land to her friend with illegally cheap price.
Furthermore, she held a party and made a trip to Oita Kyushu during emergency declaration.
Secondary, he failed to deal with corona virus.
He decided to deliver two masks and money to every home,
however he frequently revised counter measure for corona virus and he couldn't clear the reason of it,
moreover, it took much time to decide it.
Abe's disapproval ratings is increasing due to his fault.

I'm not sure when next election will be held.
It might be held next summer or next autumn, I don't know.
Either way, his term of office is at the end of September next year.
He must be failed next election, so he might not run for election.
