+++
title =  "2020 07 14 News"
date = 2020-07-14T08:56:37+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://miro.medium.com/max/700/1*kAzwx9sMsEYm0bMYDTa-lQ.jpeg"
description = "I wanna live comfortably rather than nervously."
+++

[If You’re Serious About Success, Then You Need to Improve Your Recovery](https://medium.com/better-marketing/if-youre-serious-about-success-then-you-need-to-improve-your-recovery-828b2ac213cc)

The author said that the every great man needs strong recovery power, it's the key to success.
Recovery is organizing the rest of your life to ensure you perform at your highest level.
For instance, What Lebron James does while he isn't playing basketball is why he's so good at basketball.

Focusing on recovery is hard for two reasons.

Firstly, we can be impulsive, thinking more work is better.
However, more is not better.
Working more to get ahead eventually leads to a dimisnishing of returns.
We should be imaginative and deeply thinking how we can produce less but impact more.

Secondaly, our recovery usually isn't actually recovery, that is just low-level distraction.
We should focus, not repetition.
The author said that addictions embody repetition without progress.
We should stop just doing more and more in an impulsive and wishful manner,
in addition we should think what we really want and why we want it.

For true recovery, we have to give ourselves time off to reflect and renew. 
True recovery is about looking at our life.
It’s about taking the long-term view of where we’re going.
The quality of our recovery reflects the quality of our life.

I've ever had a lecture about the 7 havits of highly effective people.
The lecturer said that 
at first you should clear what you want and why you want it,
and then you should confirm your progress and your goals once a week.
Recently, I haven't done that, but I will start reflecting and renewing again.

[Coronavirus: How to talk about conspiracy theories](https://www.bbc.com/news/av/uk-53395619/coronavirus-how-to-talk-about-conspiracy-theories)
