+++
title =  "2020-06-24: News"
date = 2020-06-24T08:55:26+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://ychef.files.bbci.co.uk/1600x900/p08hn1kz.jpg"
description = "How to think under pressure"
+++

I've read this news below.
Because I'm oftern nervous under pleasure and I want to overcome it.

[How to think under pressure](https://www.bbc.com/worklife/article/20200622-how-to-think-under-pressure)

How can you best play the hand you're dealt in life?
The article said that a champion gambler may provide a few clues about it.

There is a point to keep winning the games.
It's that you need to accept limitations of skill and the possibility of luck.

Most people overestimated the importance of their own skill rather than luck.
It makes their decision making less flexible.

However, we must appreciate the concept of variance.
It means that
even if you make a big win, your underlying reasoning could have been flawed,
even if you lose, you might have been making the most logical decision based on the information at hand.

The matter is the quality of the reasoning rather the outcome,
if you want to improve your long-term performance.
That is, you should let your emotion seep into your logic of your decision making.

That's all the article said.
I know that.
Several books that I read about investment said as same as the article said. 
They said that you should control your emotion and keep your strategy.
It's difficult.
I think, the point is whether you have enough confidence about yourself.

