+++
title =  "2020-04-20: the peak of technology"
date = 2020-04-20T10:00:00+09:00
tags = ["homework"]
+++

# The peak of technology

I think that the peak of technology is cyber-brain and full-body prosthesis.
A cyber-brain allows people to interface their biological brain with various networks.
A fully prosthetic body makes a person become a cyborg.

A cyber-brain can improve the Human-Machine interface amazingly,
it can allow people to access machines and data super easily like thinking.
The current human-Machine interface devices,
like a keyboard, a mouse, a touch pad and screen, or voice commands,
are really not kind to people.
It's tough to communicate with machines using those interfaces.
Moreover, a cyber-brain can help people who has heavy damage in the brain.
It can helps not only stroke, brain tumor, Alzheimer, and ALS but also dementia or autism.

On the other hands, A full-body prosthesis can erase people's fears of
appearance problems and physical problems due to aging or accidents.
It can remove prejudice and discrimination from people on their race or skin color.
And also it can help people who have physical disorder from accidents or disease.

"Ghost in the shell" uses those ideas.
The main character of "Ghost in the shell" has a cyber-brain and a full-body prosthesis.
She had a aircraft accident and lost her parents and her body.
So, she had a surgery to replace her body to a full-body prosthesis.
And now she's belong to public security section 9 which is a counter cyber-terrorist organization,
she leads members of section 9.
