+++
title =  "2020-04-25: Touchstone-3 Unit-9 Lesson.D"
date = 2020-04-25T15:17:49+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-9: Tech savvy?
## Lesson.D: Identity theft

Most People know how to stay safe in the city: Don't walk alone after dark,
hold onto your bag on crowded subways, and only ride in registered cabs.
However, many people are not so savvy when it comes to staying safe on the Internet
and don't know what to look for.
Identity theft - when thieves steal your personal information and
use your identity to open bank or credit card accounts or
take out home loans in your name -is on the rise.
In some cases, thieves charge thousands of dollars to credit cards,
empty bank accounts, and can ruin your credit.
Criminals are getting better at cheating you out of your money.
What's worse is that they sometimes do it with your help.
To avoid becoming a victim of an Internet scam, know what to look for.

### Summarize Savvy and safe

Most people know how to stay safe in the city, however they don't know that on the Internet.
Criminals are getting better at cheating you out of your money.
There are main three techniques of cheating you.
Firstly, it's the friend in need scam.
Secondly, it's information-request scam.
Finally, it's the "make money fast" chain email scam.
To avoid becoming a victim of an Internet scam,
you should not send money and private information to anyone on the Internet,
and you should not damage anyone by spreading cheating.
What you should do to avoid it is to being suspicious on the Internet.

### 2. Speaking and writing: Keeping it safe

#### A. Brainstorm ideas on how to keep your personal information safe. Discuss the questions and take notes.

1. Which documents should your shred? Do you shred them?
  - I should shred confidential documents includes company's strategy, customer information,
    and price or paid money.
  - Recently I don't shred documents, because I don't print it out.
    I'm afraid of losing those documents.
2. Do you memorize your PINs? Would you ever tell anyone your PINs?
  - I memorize my PINs, three or four.
  - I never tell anyone my PINs, even my family. 
3. Where do you keep important documents? Do you have copies of them?
  - I don't copy important document of my business.
  - I read them on my company's server.
  - I put passwords or private information into my storage and encrypt those.
4. What do you have passwords for? How can you choose a good password?
  - I have several passwords of my accounts for bank, SNS, shopping sites, or technical sites.
  - I use passwords using some symbols, numbers, lowercase letters, and uppercase letters.
    Moreover it has more than twelve characters.
  - And I use a password generator.
5. How can you shop safely online or on the phone?
  - I use Amazon website mostly for online shopping.
  - I check whether the site uses secure channel like https.
6. What can you do to protect your credit or debit card information.
  - I use contactless or digital money like ID or SUICA on offline shops.
  - I pay attention around me when I enter my PINs.
7. What precautions do you take when you use an ATM?
  - I pay attention behind me when I use an ATM.
  - If anyone is behind me close, I stop using an ATM.
8. How else can people keep their personal information safe?
  - You should not open your SNS to everybody.
    You should limit it to only your family and close friends.
  - You don't write your personal information on the Internet.

#### B. Read the Help note. Then write a short article like the one below.

**Find quickly credit card number's stolen**

It's important to keep your credit card number safe, of course.
On the other hand, it's also important to find quickly your credit card number's stolen.
If you can find that soon, your credit card company would pay for it.
You don't have to pay for anything thieves bought.

* **Do** install an app into your smartphone which can tell you every payment using your credit card.
* **Don't** forget to check your payment using your credit card.


