+++
title =  "2020-07-28: self introduction"
date = 2020-07-28T10:25:02+09:00
tags = ["self-introduction"]
+++

Today, I'm going to have a English class of English school's coaching.
I might have a new English teacher of English school's coaching, so I might have to introduce myself in the class.
I want to be ready for it.

[Self-Introduction Tips and Tricks(with Examples)](https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/self-introduction-tips)

# Draft a sample of what you want to say

I want to say my name, my work, and the trigger to make me start learning general English in a class,
also its reason and my current goal of learning English, too.
Because I want to learn English faster and more effectively by explaining my motivation of learning English.

In addition, I want to talk about my life, and work and hobbies which I'm absorbed in.
Because if my teacher knows me more, I might be able to enjoy general conversation more.

# 1. Summarize your professional standing

My name is Naoki Morita.
I have a master's degree in information science, and 
I've been working as a software engineer, especially related to network, for about 20 years.
I work for hoge corporation, it's an electric industrial company.

# 2. Elaborate on your experiences and achievements

I've started learning English in March of the last year in this school.
Because I had visited in England, America and Canada for vacation last year,
and then I thought I could have enjoyed it more if I could speak English well.
I could have learned foreign cultures and history more.

Anyway, I've been learning general English for about 1 year.
I feel my English has been improving, however it's not enough.
I can't speak English smoothly, especially I'm poor at impromptu speaking.
I often can't find my words and deliver my opinions.
It's frustrating. I want to fix it.

# 3. Conclude with a lead-in to the next part of the conversation

Now we can't travel anywhere due to pandemic, 
but I want to visit all over the world and enjoy it after pandemic has gone.
And also if I could improve my English, I want to change my job at a foreign company.

# My goals

My goal for learning English  are, firstly, to speak general English smoothly, frequently, and naturally.
Because I want to enjoy small talks with people who I meet in trip.
If I could do that, I could have new ideas and insights to enjoy my life
through their culture, history, and custom, I think.

Secondary is to get a job abroad, like the United States, the United Kingdom,
Singapore, Australia, or New Zealand, and so on.
To know other countries more, it's good idea to live there, I think.
I can improve my English skill and learn about the countries deeply. 

Finally is to get much information about technologies.
New technologies are always published in English, papers, documents, presentation, and its movie.
I'd like to improve my technical skill more,
so that I have to be able to listen to the presentations and to read technical books and papers.
I need to follow the new technologies to live as an engineer.
