+++
title =  "2020-10-27: English"
date = 2020-10-27T09:39:41+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 10/27 lesson

I should use positive words in a job interview.
Moreover, I'd better tell my experience and achievement.

### a. Answering questions about your weakness

My weakness is that I'm eager to use new technology or method I've never done at work.
Because I want to solve a problem while improving my skill.
On the other hand, to solve a problem doesn't always require new technology and method.
Therefore, at first I make a plan to solve a problem and have my colleagues review it.
As a result, I can opt for better choice to solve the problem and 
also find a way to improve my skill while solving it.

### b. Answering questions about your status 5 years from this point

In five years, I see myself as a valued engineer of a company.
I want to be a senior staff engineer to be responsible for a whole system and services.
I'll improve my software and network skills and encourage my colleagues greatly.

### c. Answering questions about your conduct under pressure

I work well under pressure because I can prioritize what to do without panic.
I have experienced some emergency security incidents as a network security engineer.
Furthermore, I have some experience of debugging software bugs 
which requires to be fixed in no time on the customer's site.
Therefore, I can work well under pressure and enjoy it.

### d. Providing your intention of joining the company you are applying for

I want a position where I can use the skills I have and where I'll be challenged.
I want to learn a lot of new things and 
I want to continually grow not only as a software engineer but also a network engineer.
Moreover, I want to contribute a company which helps many people.
So I'm looking for a job that will provide these things for me.

### e. Answering a question about conflict

I handle conflicts by focusing on the gist of the problem.
To my mind, when a conflict happens they see different gist of the problem.
So, when I face a conflict, I look into the problem and organize thoughts.
And then I clear the gists of them respectively, 
I have them focus on the same gist of the problem afterwards.

### f. Asking the interviewer

https://www.glassdoor.com/blog/questions-ask-an-interviewer/

* What’s your favorite part about working at the company?
* What does success look like in this position, and how do you measure it?
* What do you see as the most challenging aspect of this job?
* Is there anything about my background or resume that makes you question whether I am a good fit for this role?

- - -

## Today

I'm decided to go a trip to Hokuriku region in the end of the year.
Hokuriku region is north west from here and it's snowy region.
Hokuriku region has delicious seafood in winter.
For instance, crab, yellowtail fish, black scraper fish, deep-water shrimp, and deep-sea fish.

In addition, probably it will snow heavily this year as usual.
I'm looking forward to beautiful snowy scenery.

## Writing: Part2 (57) recording

57. How do you prepare for travelling for work?
    - Firstly, I confirm the schedule of the meeting or the process in the destination.
    - Secondly, I reserve tickets for airplane or train, and hotels.
    - Thirdly, I look up the timetable of public transportation from or to the airport/station.
    - Finally, I prepare a backup plan in case I need to stay there more.

## Speaking: 43

### Try.1

1. Are there many toys in his room?
    - Yes, there are.
2. As I had nothing to do yesterday, I went to **the** sea with my wife.
3. My husband has been in his room ~~from~~ **since** this morning.
4. Most/**Many** of poems which he wrote ~~was~~ **were** beautiful.
5. My son ~~haven't~~ **hasn't** written ~~any letters~~ to me since last year.
6. Many wonderful ~~paints~~ **pictures** will be ~~drawn~~ **painted** by him.
7. When she read the story, the girl cried.
8. Which ring~~s~~ do you want?
9. We saw the airplane take off.
10. The children playing on the beach look happy.

### Try.2

1. Are there many toys in his room?
    - Yes, there are.
2. My son hasn't written to me since last year.
3. The children playing on the beach look happy.
4. My husband has been in his room since this morning.
5. Since I had nothing to do yesterday, I went to the sea with my wife.
6. When she read the story, the girl cried.
7. Many wonderful pictures will be painted by him.
8. We saw the plane take off.
9. Which ring do you want?
10. Many of **the** poem**s** which he wrote were beautiful.
