+++
title =  "2020-09-28: English"
date = 2020-09-28T09:09:25+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: Unit21-25

1. When did it begin to snow?
2. Is that old man his grandfather?
    - Yes, he is.
3. The girl riding the horse is Emily.
4. I know all of them.
5. She will never forget the man ~~who~~ she met at the party.
6. This is a poem written by a famous poet.
7. The movie that we watched last week was very interesting.
8. Is her husband rich?
    - No, he isn't.
9. This is the most interesting movie I've ever seen.
10. She was doing her homework in her room at that time.

1. Can you see the dog that is running in the park.u
2. Does your father know them?
    - Yes, he does.
3. She will be able to eat as much as you.
4. Where do you want me to take you?
5. What ~~are~~ **were** you doing with him then?
6. Does John clean his room every day?
    - No, he doesn't.
7. I don't know why he quit his job.
8. When she opened the store, she was twenty-three years old.
9. Since this work is very important, we have to finish it first.
10. Who is the pretty girl you were talking to?

1. This is the best way to do the work.
2. The book I put on the desk one hour ago isn't there.
3. All the money was stolen.
4. It's getting warm.
5. Whose is this pencil?
6. When I met her five years ago, she was able to speak Japanese much bettter than now.
7. Were you dancing with Paul?
    - Yes, I was.
8. She wanted to buy a book to read on the train.
9. The dog goes there every day.
10. Nancy ran as fast as possible.

1. Is he taking a shower?
    - No, he isn't.
2. Did you eat meat **yesterday**?
3. Do you want to go to the sea this afternoon?
    - Yes, I do.
4. Is your husband good at cooking?
    - Yes, he is.
5. **There is** A cute cat ~~is~~ in the yard.
6. I ~~always~~ have **always** wanted to visit this town.
7. Many of **the** foreigners I know speak Japanese well.
8. I will be ~~back~~ **home** before seven.
9. This stone is heavier than that one.
10. My husband enjoys listening to jazz before he goes to bed.

1. How many roses did ~~you~~ **he** buy there?
2. Do you know anyone who can speak English and Chinese?
3. I want~~ed~~ to see you as soon as possible.
4. Who woke the baby?
5. He watches the TV program every week.
6. Does she have anything to do tonight?
7. He went for a drink with his friends last night.
8. When did Mr.Brown quit smoking?
9. She hasn't seen Tom since then.
10. My mother made me read the book.

## Writing Part2 (21,22,23)

21. What are the things you will do tomorrow?
    - I have no plan, I will be super relaxed tomorrow.
    - I'm going to have a day-off tomorrow, because tomorrow is my birthday.
    - I will enjoy doing nothing special.
    - I'm going to jogging, surfing, reading a book, something like that.
22. Where do you buy books?
    - I usually buy digital books on Amazon Kindle Store or Apple iBooks.
    - I rarely buy them at book stores recently.
    - Because digital books save spaces in my room.
    - In addition, I can read digital books using my iPhone anywhere and anytime.
23. Speak about your hometown.
    - My hometown is Ise City.
    - It is famous for Ise Jingu and Akafuku mochi.
    - Ise Jingu is the shrine where Amateras is enshrined. She is the goddess of the sun.
    - Akafuku mochi is a pounded rice cake confection topped with a sweet bean paste.


## Review 09/25 lesson

### Vocabulary

* curvatures
    - the state of being curved or bent
* revitalize
    - to give new life, energy, activity, or success to something
* employ
    - to use something
* account for
    - to form the total of something
* in person
    - If you do something or go somewhere in person, you do it or go there yourself.
    - physically

### Examples using the vocabulary I didn't know

The curvatures of the economy are rapidly down in these day due to the pandemic, especially travel industries.
Unfortunately, it's very difficult to revitalize the industries for few years, I think.
Because even if good medicine and vaccine for corona virus were developed soon,
it will take a long time for all countries to employ the new drugs.
It's also a major problem that poor people account for the most of the patients with corona virus.
In addition, there is not enough medical workers who work for the patients in person.

## Today

I worked from home today as usual.
I bought a dining table.
etc.
