+++
title =  "2020-12-02: English"
date = 2020-12-02T09:35:39+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 2020/12/02 lesson: Discuss about medicine

### Notes

* Elaborate my opinion. Explain more examples and situations which support the opinion.
* Use idioms and phrasal verbs that I learned so far. I can remember and use them naturally using them frequently.

### How are older people viewed in my country?

Elderly people are basically respected in Japan.
Because Confucianism affected Japanese for a long time.
In fact, Japan has the "Respect for the aged day" as a national holiday.

However, young people don't respect elderly people very much nowadays.
Because youth is more worth for working in modern society, I guess.
In addition, some elderly people require respect for them due to only their ages. Therefore, some young people are bored and tired for such awkward elderly people.

- - -

## Today

I'm going to have an English lesson today.
I will discuss about medicine.

In these days, several pharmaceutical companies are testing new vaccines against the coronavirus. For instance, Pfizer/BioNTech, AstraZeneca, Moderna, so on.

The UK government approved the Pfizer/BionTech Coronavirus Vaccine today.
I wish it will work well against the coronavirus.
However I guess it will take a long time for all of us to use the vaccine.
Therefore, I will be careful not to be infected with the coronavirus as I have been so far.

- - -

## News: Thousands of Argentinians say goodbye to Maradona 29th November, 2020

Thousands of football fans paid their final respects to football legend Diego Maradona on Thursday. Huge crowds lined the streets of the capital Buenos Aires to catch a glimpse of the car carrying his body. The car was draped in the Argentina flag and a football shirt bearing his trademark number 10.  Thousands more silently walked past his coffin as it was put on public display at the Presidential Palace.  They were weeping, blowing kisses to their hero and praying. Maradona passed away on Wednesday, aged 60. He died of a heart attack.  Argentina's government declared three days of national mourning for him. One fan said: "Maradona represents Argentinianess. He transcended football.  He has my respect. I had to be here."

Diego Armando Maradona is widely regarded as one of the greatest players ever to step onto a football pitch. Many consider him to be the best. He captained his national team when Argentina won the 1986 World Cup. He scored the famous "Hand of God" goal against England in the quarter-finals.  In that same game, he scored another goal that was voted as the greatest goal of the twentieth century. Maradona played for Barcelona in Spain and Napoli in Italy. Current Barcelona captain Lionel Messi said: "Maradona will never leave us because Diego is eternal." Brazilian legend Pele, a constant rival to Maradona for the world's greatest ever player accolade, said he hoped to one day, "play together in the sky" with Maradona.

### Vocabulary

#### glimpse
a quick look at someone or something that does not allow you to see them clearly

#### drape
to cover or decorate something with a cloth

#### bear
to have or show a sign, mark, or particular, especially when this shows that something has happned or is true

#### weep
to cry, especially because you feel very sad

#### mourning
great sadness because someone has died

#### transcend
to beyond the usual limits of something

#### eternal
continuing for ever and having no end

#### accolade
praise for someone who is grealy admired, or a prize given to them for their work

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - I am sorry about his passing away.
    - In addition, I recognized again that a lot of people including me like him and his play.
    - Everyone remember his play to dribble through five English players in 1986.
* b) What do you think of football?
    - I love it.
    - I played football in the middle school.
    - Moreover I used to watch Italian football league on TV at that time.
    - I enjoyed it, it broadcasted at midnight though.
* c) Who is the greatest sportswoman ever?
    - I think Ms. Monica Seles is one of the greatest sportswoman.
    - Because she was a top of tennis player.
    - However she was attacked with a knife during a tennis game unfortunately.
    - It was so terrible and she was injured deeply.
    - It took long time for her to cure her deep injury and to recover from mental shock.
    - Finally, she came back to play tennis.
    - Therefore, she is one of the greatest sportswoman, I think.
* d) What do you know about Maradona's goals?
    - I know his goals at the quarter-finals in 1986.
    - One of his two goals was called "The hand of God".
    - Another goal is that he dribbled through five English players.
    - Those play were amazing.
* e) What three adjectives best describe this story?
    - great, sorry, peaceful
    - He was the greatest football player and I'm so sorry for his passing away.
    - Everyone wish his rest in peace.  
* f) What advice do you have for children who want to play like Maradona?
    - I have no idea.
    - Because he was so amazing football player.
    - So that I can't imagine how we can play like him.
* g) Should Argentina rename its national stadium to Maradona Stadium?
    - Yes, they should.
    - Because they all admire him.  
h) What questions would you like to ask an expert on Maradona?
    - I would ask the expert what is his play you like the best.
    - I want to know his greatest goals all.


- - -

## Speaking: 69

### Try.1

1. The cat ~~had~~ lived **to be** ~~until~~ twenty three years old.
2. Did she find him ~~to be~~ attractive?
3. She has been driving for more than three hours.
4. What he said surprised everyone.
5. I read the story last night.
6. Bob is the most **diligent** of the boys.
7. The boy who was born in India ~~is living~~ **lives** in German**y** now.
8. Did she make a mistake?
9. I want you to turn off **the** TV.
10. The poem was short enough **for me to remember**.

### Try.2

1. Did she find him attractive?
2. She has been driving for more than three hours.
3. The cat lived to be twenty-three years old.
4. Did she make a mistake?
5. What he said surprised everyone.
6. The poem was short enough for me to remember.
7. I want you to turn off the TV.
8. The boy who was born in India lives in Germany **now**.
9. I read the story last night.
10. Bob is the most diligent of the boys.
