+++
title =  "2020-06-19: review"
date = 2020-06-19T08:07:39+09:00
tags = ["review"]
+++

At the yesterday's lesson,
I started Lesson B Ups and downs.
I learned about guessing how people feeling using adjectives ending in -ed and -ing.

On the other hand, I couldn't talk well about few things below.
* Why Japan has lots of earthquakes?
* What difference is between tsunami and waves?
* Do you think that tsunami might attack you? What do you do for it?


By the way, I worked from home today as ordinary weekdays.
It's windy and rainy today, and unfortunately there is no waves.
I wish I could have gone surfing.

#### Why Japan has lots of earthquakes?

Because Japan stands on four plates, North American, Pacific, Eurasian and Philippine plates.
Those tectonic plates is always moving and makes earthquakes.
Moreover moving tectonic plates makes many active faults underground in Japan.
Those active faults also make earthquakes.
Due to the above reasons, Japan has lots of earthquakes. 

#### What difference is between tsunami and storm surge?

The difference between them depends on the cause of them.
Wind and air pressure make storm surge.
On the other hand, earthquake makes tsunami.

Furthermore, in case of tsunami, the sea itself moves.
Tsunami is the moving water wall.
It means that tsunami has super strong power rather than storm surge.
In addition, tsunami has incredible speed as fast as bullet train. 

#### Do you think that tsunami might attack you? What do you do for it?

Yes, I do.
The scientists tell that Nankai Trough earthquake must be happened in the near future.
It is said that the earthquake will attack from Shizuoka prefecture to Miyazaki prefecture by super strong shake.
And of course, super huge tsunami over 10 meters must come.

So, I care about the tsunami.
I checked a hazard map when I decided my apartment.
It said my apartment is safe.
Because my apartment is three kilo meters away from the sea and
three or four hundred meters aways from the nearest river.
