+++
title =  "2020-09-02: English"
date = 2020-09-02T09:19:17+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: Unit.10

## Try.1

1. After he took a bath, he drank a glass of beer.
2. Do I have to buy this book?
    - Do I need to buy this book?
    - No, you don't.
3. Where will you eat dinner?
    - Where are you going to have dinner?
4. Don't ~~left~~ **leave** the door open.
5. The tree ~~is~~ **was** too high for the boy to climb.
6. He had ~~a~~ **the** weighter bring a ~~cup~~ **glass** of water.
7. He let his son use his computer.
8. ~~Swallow flies much faster than ..~~
    - Swallows fly much faster than sparrows.
9. The park where they play soccer is very big.
10. I'll teach him mathematics.

## Try.2

1. The student who speaks English best in this class is Ken.
2. When the telephone rang, she woke up at once.
3. Is it necessary for the children to read these books? 
4. He will finish writing the novel soon.  
5. Would you bring three chairs, please?
6. We walked on the road covered with leaves. 
7. I'm going to write a few letters this afternoon.
8. After they had dinner, they enjoyed dancing.
9. He asked her where she was going.
10. This novel is read in many countries.

## Writing: 7th May, 2020 - Giant hornets reach North America

* a. What do you know about hornets?
    - What I know about hornets is that they kill several people a year.
* b. What do you think about insects?
    - I like insects. Because they are very interesting.
    - There are so many kinds of insects, and they are so much different from human beings.
    - Therefore, I'm interested in their life and I like them.
* c. What is your favourite insect?
    - My favorite insect is a spider. Because they are like Ninja.
    - They can dive off a cliff and fly using their silk.
    - And they also catch other insects and kill them using their web.
    - So, I like a spider best.
* d. Why are people afraid of insects?
    - I think it's because insects are so much different from human beings and we don't know them very much.
* e. What would you do if you saw an Asian giant hornet?
    - I would run away from there at full speed.
* f. Why are honeybees so useful?
    - It's because honeybees help plants to make fruit.
* g. What are the differences between hornets and bees?
    - Hornets kill people, but bees don't do that.
* h. What is the world's scariest insect?
    - It's a mosquito. Because they kill the greatest number of humans of all insects.
    - For instance, they kill around 700,000 people a year.
    - So, a mosquito is the scariest insect of the world.

