+++
title =  "2020-12-19: English"
date = 2020-12-19T11:20:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking 13

### Try.1

1. Do you often stay at this hotel?
  - Yes, I do.
2. There will be many people here tomorrow.
3. Does he work longer than others/**the other people**?
  - Yes, he does.
4. She ~~has been~~ **was** with her sister all day.
5. He was going to visit his grandmother that day.
6. Mary is as beautiful as Nancy.
7. Mr.Green lives ~~at~~ **in** ~~the~~ **a** wonderful house which has a beautiful garden.
8. They look **very** happy.
9. After the boy did his homework, he played with his friends in the park.
10. Tell me where you found it.

### Try.2

1. There will be a lot of people here tomorrow.
2. After he did his homework, the boy played with his friends in the park.
3. He was going to visit his grandmother that day.
4. Mary is as beautiful as Nancy.
5. She was with her sister all day.
6. They look very happy.
7. Does he work longer than the other people?
  - Yes, he does.
8. Do you often stay at this hotel?
  - Yes, I do.
9. Mr.Green lives in a wonderful house which has a beautiful garden.
10. Tell me where you found it.

## Speaking 14

### Try.1

1. She likes Tom very much/**a lot**.
2. Did the boy who speaks English well live in America for a long time?
3. Who is that tall boy?
  - He is Peter.
4. What time does your brother **usually** go to bed ~~usually~~?
5. He was running in the park.
6. Who is the oldest in this village?
7. My daughter wants to be a movie star.
8. Is this watch yours?
9. Does he always do his homework?
  - Yes, he does.
10. How did you **get to** know him?

### Try.2

1. He was running in the park.
2. Did that boy who speaks English well live in America for a long time?
3. How did you get to know him?
4. Does he always do his homework?
  - Yes, he does.
5. She likes Tom a lot.
6. What time does your brother usually go to bed?
7. My daughter wants to be a movie star.
8. Who is that tall boy?
  - He is Peter.
9. Is this watch yours?
10. Who is the oldest in this village?
