+++
title =  "2020-11-02: English"
date = 2020-11-02T13:34:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 11/02 lesson

### Phrasal verbs and the examples(time)

#### put sb/sth off

1. to delay doing something or to arrange to do something at a later time or date, 
    especially because there is a problem or you do not want to do it now
    * The boxing match was put off because the champion was infected with coronavirus.
    * I don't want to put the schedule off anymore.
2. to make someone wait because you do not want to meet them, pay them etc until later
    * He wanted to put her off because he got sick.
    * I put him off because I don't like him.

#### put sth back

1. to arrange for an event to start at a later time or date
    * He put the meeting back to next Tuesday, because he had nothing to announce.
    * I put the schedule of the trip back to next year, because the pandemic happened. 

#### put forward

4. to make a clock or watch show a later time
    * Europeans will not put their clocks forward and back from next year,
        becasue they are decided to end summer time.
    * I put my watch forward when I visit New Zealand.

### Phrasal verbs and the examples(physical actions)

#### put sth on

4. start equipment: to make a light or a piece of equipment start working by pressing or turning a button or switch
    * I always put on lights through Alexa.
    * I put the TV on at first when I get up in the morning.
    * I put my computer on when I start to work every morning.
5. music: to put a record, tape, or CD into a machine and start playing
    * My parents used to put a record on a player and enjoy classical music.
    * I was so excited when I put a CD on my player for the first time.
    * I still remember when I put the music record on the player.

#### put in 

1. to fix a piece of equipment somewhere and connect it so that it is ready to be used
    * We had a new refrigerator put in two year ago.
    * I put in the desk and shelves when I moved here.
    * I'm planning to put in a shelf and a rack to put in order my room.

#### put sth out

2. light: to make a light stop working by pressing or turning a button or switch
    * Please put out the candle, I'm afraid of a fire.
    * Put the light out, it's too bright.
    * As I am about to watch a movie, please put the light out.

#### put sth up

1. build: to build something such as a wall, fence, building etc.
    * Trump said he would put the big wall up between America and Mexico.
    * I will put the software up to work efficiently.
    * He often puts mind wall up.

### Phrasal verbs and the examples(relations with other people)

#### put out
you are annoyed, often because of something that someone has done or said to you

* She felt put out that she was blamed for doing it.
* I am put out that he often interrupts others' talking.
* Nobody blame you, so you don't have to be put out that.

#### put up with sb/sth

* to accept an unpleasant situation or person without complaining
    - She put up with poor salary.
    - I don't want to put up with this bad treatment.
    - She can't put up with her husband.

#### put sb on to/onto sth/sb

* to give (someone) information about (something)
* to tell (someone) about (something that he or she did not know about before)
    - A friend of mine put me on to this book.
    - My collegue put me on to the web site.
    - She put me on to the man who knew the accident.

## Listening: 3-23

### Mode.1

1. He likes the people and he thinks that the work is interesting.
2. He though changing his job sake of his family.
    He have to work too many hours and can't make enough money.
3. The company he got interview offered him the following three things.
    1. higher salary
    2. country club membership
    3. he wouldn't have to go on business trips.

### Mode.2

1. He likes the people and he thinks that the work is interesting.
2. He though changing his job for the sake of his family.
    He have to work too many hours and can't make enough money.
3. The company he had interview offered him the following three things.
    1. higher salary
    2. country club membership
    3. the company promised him that he wouldn't have to go on business trips.

### Mode.3

1. He likes the people and he thinks that the work is interesting.
2. He though changing his job for the sake of his family.
    He have to work too many hours and can't make enough money.
3. The company he had interview offered him the following three things.
    1. higher salary
    2. country club membership
    3. the company promised him that he wouldn't have to go on business trips.

### Answer

1. He likes the people and the work is interesting.
2. For the sake of this family. He works too many hours and he doesn't make enough money.
3. The company offered him ...
    1. a higher salary
    2. a country club membership
    3. he wouldn't have to go on business trips.

## Speaking: 4-47

### Try.1

1. I don't want to say anything now.
2. He can swim faster than Tom.
3. Her daughter graduated **from** high school this year.
4. Do you know where those children get on the bus?
    - Do those children know where to take the bus?
5. Did he eat it ~~by~~ **with** chopsticks?
6. They are going to eat/**have** lunch in Yokohama.
7. He was kind enough to help ~~my homework~~ **me with my homework**.
8. Look at the picture hanging on the wall.
9. He saw the ~~leaf~~ **leaves** fall ~~down~~.
10. He **has** lost the pictures he took in France.

### Try.2

1. I don't want to say anything now.
2. Did he eat it with chopsticks?
3. He was kind enough to help me with my homework.
4. They are going to have lunch in Yokohama.
5. He has lost the pictures he took in France.
6. Her daughter graduated from high school this year.
7. He saw the leaves fall.
8. Look at the picture hanging on the wall.
9. Do those children know where to take the bus?
10. He can swim faster than Tom.

## Last weekend and today

I took a day-off today.
Because tomorrow is national holiday, it's culture day.
The purpose of the culture day is to promote our culture, and love freedom and peace, 
In culture day, people who have contributed to the promotion of culture are honored.

I was just relaxed on last weekend and today.
I read books, watched movies, took a nap and jogged.
Unfortunately I didn't go surfing, because there was no wave to surf, waves were too small.
I think the best luxury is to do nothing on holiday.

Is it OK if I go out for a bit?
Because the bread has just finished baking.
I have a home bakery, my wife often bakes a bread.

