+++
title =  "2020-04-09: Touchstone-3 Unit-9 Lesson.B"
date = 2020-04-09T17:30:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-9: Tech savvy?
## Lesson.B: How things work

### 1. Building language

#### A. Listen. What problem is Ken having? Practice the conversation.

Ken is having a cable problem of a gaming box.

#### B. Circle the two correct choices in each question. Then ask and answer the questions with a partner.

I wrote my answers on my textbook...

### 4. Building vocabulary

#### C. Discuss the things below. Think of three...

* Different things you turn on every day.
  - I turn on a light, TV, a kettle and my computer every morning.
  - It's my morning routine.
* Situations when you have to turn something off.
  - I turn lights off when I go to bed or go out.
* Different things you have to plugin in before using.
  - I have to plug in a handy mixer and a hair dryer.
* Things you can turn up and down.
  - I can turn up and down a TV speaker, a computer and a music speaker.
* Useful pieces of information you can look up.
  - I can look up some technical tips on Qiita where engineers post technical articles into.
  - I can look up social conditions on Nikkei web site that focuses on economic news.
* Things you have thrown away recently.
  - I have thrown away a lot of books, cardboard, and clothes recently.
  - I have tidied up my room.
  - In these days I have worked fro home because of corona virus,
    so I wanted to tidy my room up to spend a comfortable work time.
