+++
title =  "2020-12-09: English"
date = 2020-12-09T09:41:57+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## News: S.Korea, China clash on social media over kimchi - 3rd December, 2020

China and South Korea are arguing over a pickled food. The two countries are in a dispute over a savoury pickled cabbage dish.  China is trying to win an international certificate for pao cai, a savoury vegetable dish from Sichuan province.  However, South Korean officials are angry about this. They say this dish is too much like kimchi - perhaps the most famous food in South Korea.  Kimchi is a staple in Korean cuisine. It is a traditional dish of salted and fermented vegetables, such as cabbage and Korean radish. It is made with a wide variety of seasonings, including chilli powder, spring onions, garlic, ginger, and salted seafood. Pao cai is a pickle, usually made using cabbage, mustard, peppers and ginger.

South Korea is angry that China says it has won certification from the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) for its kimchi making process. South Korean officials say pao cai, "has nothing to do with kimchi". They added: "We need to understand that pao cai is different from kimchi." People in Korea are angry that China is trying to claim the standard for the kimchi-making process.  A professor in Korea said: "China lacks efforts to understand the culture and history of surrounding nations." On social media in China, people said most kimchi eaten in South Korea is made in China.  One person wrote: "Even the pronunciation of kimchi originated from Chinese."

### Discussion

* a) What do you know about kimchi?
    - I know that Kimuchi is a hot and savoury fermented vegetables.
* b) What do you know about Korean food?
    - I know that Kimuchi, Korean BBQ, Bulgogi, Japchae, Chijimi, Sampgyeopsal, Sundubu, and so on.
    - I like those Korean food.
* c) How much do you like savoury food?
    - I like savoury food very much, not only Korean food but also Mexican food.
* d) What are the staple dishes of your country?
    - The staple dishes of my country are Sushi, Tempura, Sukiyaki, Ramen, and so on.
* e) What are your favourite seasonings?
    - Wasabi is one of the favourite seasonings.
* f) What do you think of salted seafood?
    - I'm not a big fan of salted seafood.
    - Because I'm not good with salted food.
* g) What food can you make using cabbage?
    - I can make Motsu Nabe, Takoyaki, and Okomiyaki using cabbage.
* h) What do you think of garlic?
    - I love it, I like the smell of garlic.
    - It makes me hungry, I feel.

- - -

## Listening: 3-26

### Mode.1

1. She's been so busy with this quoter of her performance report.
2. He made a special request for two weeks off in July.
3. He wants to reserve a nice room at his wife's favorite hotel.

### Mode.2

1. She's been so busy with this quoter's performance report,
    so she haven't had time to think about her summer vacation.
2. He made a special request for two weeks off in July.
3. He wants to reserve a nice room at his wife's favorite hotel.

### Mode.3

1. She's been so busy with this quoter's performance report,
    so that she haven't had time to think about her summer vacation.
2. He made a special request for two weeks off in July.
3. He wants to reserve a nice room at his wife's favorite hotel.

### Answer

1. Because she has been so busy with this quarter's performance report.
2. Two weeks in July.
3. He's planning to reserve a nice room at his wife's favorite hotel. 

- - -

## Speaking: 3

### Try.1

1. Do you think she is good at cooking?
2. This shirt will be **too** small ~~enough~~ for him to wear.
3. February is shorter than January.
4. ~~How~~ **What** beautiful flowers those are!
5. I don't know how to open this window.
6. ~~Can~~ **May** I have this apple?
    - Yes, you ~~can~~ **may**.
7. Whose books are these?
8. Her name was known to many people.
9. The boy who has been running for more than two hours looks tired.
10. Do you know where Nancy is **now**?
    - No, I don't.

### Try.2

1. What beautiful flowers those are!
2. Whose books are these?
3. Do you think she is good at cooking?
4. I don't know how to open this window.
5. Do you know where Nancy is **now**?
    - No, I don't.
6. May I eat this apple?
    - Yes, you may.
7. The boy who has been running for more than two hours looks tired.
8. Her name was known to many people.
9. This shirt will be too small for him to wear.
10. February is shorter than January.

## Speaking: 4

### Try.1

1. Jack is **more** popular ~~for~~ **among** girls than Tom.
2. Nancy was surprised to see him ~~at~~ **in** that store.
3. That country is too dangerous for tourists to visit.
4. The woman is as tall as you.
5. When he got into the room, everyone saw him.
    - When he went into the room, everyone looked at him.
6. This is one of the most famous ~~story~~ **stories** in the world.
7. I think she is the most careful of the girls.
8. When did he go there?
9. Emily wants to buy a new car.
10. The window~~s~~ was broken by someone.

### Try.2

1. Emily wants to buy a new car.
2. I think she is the most careful of the girls.
3. When he went into the room, everyone looked at him.
4. When did he go there?
5. The woman is as tall as you.
6. This is one of the most famous stories in the world.
7. Jack is more popular among girls than Tom.
8. The window was broken by someone.
9. That country is too dangerous for tourists to visit.
10. Nancy was surprised to see him in that store.

- - -

## Phrasal verbs: Part 1

### break-down
#### 1

* My car broke down in the middle of the street this morning.
* Oh no, you should get it fixed.

- My computer is about to break down, so I'm going to replace it.

#### 2

* You look awful. What happened?
* Negotiations with the company broke down after a three-hour talk.

- He tried to make a deal, however the negotiation broke down.

#### 3

* What happened to Linda?
* She broke down in tears when she heard her son was in a car accident.

- She broke down in tears because she heard her father passing away.

### break-in

#### 1

* Look, a robber is breaking in through the open window!
* Why don't we call the police?

- The robber broke in the house and stole much money.

#### 2

* Paul, don't break in on the conversation between me and Jeff.
* I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you two.

- He often breaks in on the conversation between us. He may feels loneliness.

#### 3

* I've never seen you wearing those shoes before.  
* I just got them yesterday. I'm trying to break them in.

- I didn't break my new shoes in yet, so I'm uncomfortable putting them on.

