+++
title =  "2020-06-06: News"
date = 2020-06-06T15:16:16+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/wwfeatures/live/1600_900/images/live/p0/8f/wf/p08fwf2v.jpg"
description = "Vegan seafood"
+++

I've read this article below.
Because I love seafood, but I can't imagine what the vegan seafood is.
So, I'm insterested in this article.

[Vegan seafood: The next plant-based meat trend?](https://www.bbc.com/worklife/article/20200603-vegan-seafood-the-next-plant-based-meat-trend)

Seafood is difficult to veganise well,
but some companies are betting on new technologies and customers to overcome the challenges.

There are various imitation fish dishes now - fish and chips, eels, canned tuna.
Faux seafood isn't entirely new, but products are limited and
many of those that have been available so far have been underwhelming and under-marketed.
However, These products are ripe for the kind of innovation
that has driven and expanded the plant-based meat industry.

At the moment, faux seafood is a tiny sector in the food supply chain.
First issue is the technical challenge of replicating flaky, fragile seafood.
That means the great majority of plant-based seafood retail sales are of frozen products.
Second issue is nutrition.
Being able to come really close to health benefits is extremely important on the plant-based seafood side.
Otherwise, people turn to conventional seafood.
Flexitarinism is the main driver of mainstream take-up of faux meat.
So nutrition is key if alternative seafood companies want to expand their consumer base of currently niche products.
Finally, faux seafood are still more expensive than the conventional versions.

Alternative seafood has issues to solve for mainstreaming.
However, alternative seafood has a potential to be end up on dinner plates.
As well, faux shellfish has same potential 
because shellfish allergy is the most common food allergy in many countries.
Furthermore, there is studying another way to
produce seafood artificially by cell-based instead plant-based.
There's more capital and technology flowing into this area than ever before,
Some start-ups set in motion producing alternative seafood.
There's room for so many more entrants in this market.
It's still early days.
