+++
title =  "2020-01-28: Review the yesterday's lesson"
date = 2020-01-28T12:30:00+09:00
tags = ["review"]
+++

At the yesterday's lesson, I practiced to continue speaking for one minute. 
In addition, I practiced to use some common phrasal verbs and various conjunctions.
It was difficult to build my opinion,
and use phrasal verbs and various conjunctions at the same time.
I couldn't find any words and use those phrasal verbs and conjunctions very much.

On the other hand, the phrasal verbs and various conjunctions like those are important to
casual conversation. I need to learn those.

So far, I haven't tried to speak several sentences at once, just a few sentences.
Therefore, I will try to speak several sentences at once after this time.

Finally, I write down some conjunctions below that I learned yesterday. 
* however
* moreover
* on the other hand
* otherwise
* likewise
* unless
* provided that

##### however
I tried to speak continuously for one minute, however, I couldn't find my words.

##### moreover
I'm learning English at Yokohama branch of MeRise.
Moreover, I'm going to go to Cebu to study English for two weeks
from end of April to beginning to May.

##### on the other hand
I was studying English from junior high school to university for seven or eight years.
On the other hand, my friend haven't studied hard when he was a student.
I can't speak English now, however, my friend can speak English well.
Because I haven't kept to study English since I started working,
on the other hand, he started to study English when he stared working
and has kept to study even now.

##### otherwise
I will study hard English, otherwise I'll be sorry in the future.
I regret now not to study hard English in the past.

##### likewise
I'm studying English, likewise I'm trying to improve my technical skills.

##### unless
Unless I study hard English now, I must regret.
Nothing is too late, however, even now starting to study English now is late.
So, I should study harder.

##### provided that
I can speak English smoothly and naturally some time,
provided that I keep to study English hard.
