+++
title =  "2020-11-03: English"
date = 2020-11-03T10:38:49+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Breaking News: Diet drinks may be as unhealthy as sugary ones 1st November, 2020

Many people drink diet sodas as part of their diet. They believe these drinks are healthier than fizzy drinks.  However, according to a new study, "diet" versions of sugary drinks can be as bad for our heart as fizzy drinks that are loaded with sugar. The researchers who conducted the study said people should avoid diet sodas and other artificially sweetened beverages if they want to look after their health. They said the artificial sweeteners in diet drinks are not healthy. Dr Guy Mintz, a heart specialist, said: "The belief that artificial sweeteners are a safe substitute for sugar is fake news." He added: "Artificial sweeteners have been associated with weight gain, insulin resistance, and diabetes."

The research is published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology. Researchers looked at health data from over 100,000 people in France.  Participants in the study recorded their diet, activity level, and health status every six months. The researchers said: "Higher intakes of...artificially sweetened beverages were associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease, suggesting that artificially sweetened beverages might not be a healthy substitute for sugary drinks." They added: "Water, water, and more water should be the beverage of choice. Given childhood obesity, no sweetened or artificially sweetened beverage should be a staple in children's diets."

### Vocabulary

* fizzy
* cardiology
* intake
* cardiovascular
* staple

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
* b) How much do you like reading about health issues?
* c) Have you ever taken part in research?
* d) What is your activity level like?
* e) How can we keep out cardiovascular system healthy?
* f) What do you think of sugary drinks?
* g) What can we do to reduce childhood obesity?
* h) What questions would you like to ask the researchers?

## Review 11/03 lesson

### What I must be careful with

1. /z/ sound
2. smooth "ng" at middle of a word
3. word stress

### My favorite hobby using N and NG sounds

My favorite hobby is surfing.
Surfing is amazing and outstanding.
Because I can feel freedom and be a part of nature during riding waves.
For instance, I feel like flying on the wave. 
Even when I am waiting for coming waves, I can hear sounds like singing from the sea.
Therefore, I lvoe surfing.

## Speaking: 4-48

### Try.1

1. ~~Can~~ **Do** you see the ~~chair~~ **bench** painted ~~blown~~ **brown**.
2. Does the coffee smell good?
3. Where is the picture you painted?
4. Since the floor was wet, the girl ~~was~~ slipped and fell down.
5. His uncle runs three restaurants.
6. While her children ~~was~~ **were** doing their homework, she cooked dinner.
7. Where did you go with your family last summer?
8. If the girl wants this doll, please give it to her.
9. The dog was so big that the children were ~~scared~~ **afraid of it**.
10. Although she went to the department store, she didn't buy anything/**she bought nothing**.

### Try.2

1. Although she went to the department store, she bought nothing.
2. Since the floor was wet, the girl slipped and fell down.
3. Do you see the bench painted brown?
4. While her children were doing their homework, she cooked dinner.
5. The dog was so big that the children were scared of it.
6. His uncle runs three restaurants.
7. Where did you go with your family last summer?
8. Does the coffee smell good?
9. Where is the picture you painted?
10. If the girl wants this doll, please give it to her.
