+++
title =  "2020-08-25: English"
date = 2020-08-25T08:04:18+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

# Review 08/24 lesson

## Goals

1. Talk about my daily routine in chronological order.
2. Familiarize phrases or verbs for daily routine.
3. Use the present simple form of the verb in talking about my daily routine.

## My routine

I'm not a morning person, but I usually wake up at around 6:30,
because my alarm works snooze function, that is, it alarms again and again.
I get up at around 7:00 in the morning, after that I brush my teeth and wash my face.
And then, I sometimes wash dishes for yesterday's dinner.
I always drink beer or sake at dinner and I want to go to bed as soon as possible after that.
So I sometimes let washing dishes wait until next morning.

I have short bread or toasted bread and drink black tea with milk for breakfast.
I start working from home at 9:00, drinking black tea.

Before pandemic, I needed to get up 6:30 and leave home by 7:30.
Because it takes one and a half hours to commute to work.
Now, however, I don't have to head my way to the office, I can work from home.
It's comfortable and good for me.

The first thing I do when I start working is turn on my computer.
And then I read emails and write some emails.
I usually make some documents or do coding all day long.
I attend to some meetings occasionally.

After work, I often go jogging or surfing.
There are not enough waves to surf in the summer, though.
Before pandemic, I couldn't go jogging or surfing on weekdays.
I never want to commute to work at all hereafter, even after pandemic has gone.

I take a shower and have dinner that my wife cooks, drinking beer or sake at 9:00 or 10:00pm.
After that only one thing I have to do is to hit the hay.
That's all.

## Listening: Mini-shadowing.1

* open it -> openit
* role it into -> rolitinto

## Listening: Mini-shadowing.2

* hold on -> holdon

## Speaking: 1-5 Training 5

1. She likes cooking for her family.
2. How old is he?
    - He is twenty years old.
3. I don't know how old she is.
4. Look at that broken window.
5. ~~A~~ **The** girl ~~who is~~ playing the piano is Mary.
6. Can't he play the guitar?
    - Yes, he can.
7. They have been married for ten years.
8. I found ~~that~~ **the** book ~~was~~ very interesting.
9. It was fine(/sunny) when they left.
10. Do you have ~~something~~ **anything** to write **with**?
