+++
title =  "2020-08-18: English self-learning"
date = 2020-08-18T08:51:03+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

# 1-1. Training-1

## trial.1

* Who cooked this?
    - I ~~do~~ did.
* I went to the library yesterday.
* Does he know where ~~he goes~~ to go?
    - Yes, he does.
* How long have you lived in this country?
* Ellen may be angry.
* Could you take me the salt? or Will you please pass me the salt?
    - Sure.
* ~~At that time, they started to sing~~.
    - They began to sing then.
* They all know **the** truth.
* My wife want**s** to visit Kyoto. 
    - My wife wnats to go on a trip to Kyoto.
* Should I read this book?
    - Yes, you should.

## trail.2

* Who cooked this?
    - I did.
* I went to the library yesterday.
* Does he know where to go.
    - Yes, he does.
* How long have you lived in this country?
* Ellen might be angry.
* Would you pass me the salt, please?
    - Sure.
* They began to sing then.
* They all know the truth.
* My wife wants to go on a trip to Kyoto.
* Must I read this book?
    - Yes, you must.

## self-introduction.1

Good afternoon, Ms XXX.
Good to see you, again.
How have you been?
(...)

I'm glad to hear that. I've been fine, too.
Last time, I had your class and talked about a trigger to begin to learn English at MeRISE and
my goals for learning English.

Anyway, I'd like to introduce myself, again.
Because I didn't introduce myself properly last time and 
I learned self-introduction this Monday. Is it Okay?

I'm FirstName LastName. Please call me Nao.
I'm residing in Kanagaw Prefecture Japan.
I work for XXX Corporation as a software engineer.
I'm responsible for developing software about automotive network.
How about you?

Nice to meet you again.

## self-introduction.2

Good afternoon. How are you doing?  
(...)  
I'm grad to hear that. I'm doing good, too.  
(...)  
I'd like to introduce myself.
I'm Naoki Morita.
I'm residing in Kanagawa prefectore, Japan.
I work for HOGE Corporation as a software engineer.
I'm responsible for developing software about automotive network.
How about you?  
(...)  
Nice to meet you, too.

