+++
title =  "2020-12-21: English"
date = 2020-12-21T11:20:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## News: China launches 'Clean Plate' food waste campaign 17th August, 2020

China is taking action to cut down on food waste. The government has started a new campaign to encourage people to think about the amount of food they waste. It is called the "Clean Plate Campaign". President Xi Jinping wants people to reduce the amount of food wasted. He called the waste "shocking and distressing". There are many reports in China that a food crisis is coming. Food production has decreased because of the coronavirus and because of floods in southern China. Experts say this will not lead to a crisis, but the government wants people to pay more attention to how much food they leave on their plate. President Xi said China had to "maintain a sense of crisis about food security".

Many restaurants are taking the campaign very seriously. A restaurant in central China went a little too far as it started weighing customers. It had to apologise to diners who were offended at being weighed. It said: "We originally wanted customers to stop food waste and order food in a healthy way." A restaurant in the capital Beijing told the Global Times newspaper: "We remind our guests when they order too much food." Restaurants in Wuhan have started the N-1 system. This is where groups of diners must order one fewer dish than the number of people in the group. Earlier this year, the United Nations warned that the world could see its worst food crisis in 50 years.

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - I think Japan government have to do the same thing like China.
    - Japanese also waste food and need to cut down on food waste.
* b) Why do people waste food?
    - People order what they want to eat without thinking about the capacity of their stomach, I guess.
* c) How would you feel if a restaurant weighed you?
    - I feel bad definitely.
    - Because I can judge the amount of food I should eat.
    - I don't want them to say about my weight or health.
* d) Should restaurants advise diners about food waste?
    - Yes, they should.
    - I want them to told me the amount of the dishes on the menu.
    - Because I want to fill eighty percents of my stomach to eat the dishes tasty.
* e) What do you think of the N-1 system of ordering less?
    - It sounds good.
    - However, I don't feel good that they control my order.
* f) How difficult would it be to eat less?
    - It would be very difficult to eat less.
    - Because humans try to avoid starvation as possible as they can.
    - It's humans' instinct, I think.
* g) What food could you not eat less of?
    - I can't eat less of potato chips.
    - I love it, so I can't help avoiding eating them.
* h) What questions would you like to ask Xi Jinping?
    - Do you really think if the system works? I want to ask him.

- - -
## Speaking 17

### Try.1

1. She wanted to be called Jenny by everyone.
2. Are you with your wife now?
  - Yes, I am.
3. Does your wife often ask you to take her to ~~the~~ restaurant**s**?
4. Did she marry the man she loved?
5. She likes eating delicious food.
6. The restaurant **where** they had dinner was opened three years ago.
7. Were there a lot of/**many** people at that/**the** party?
8. Who runs fastest in the world?
9. Where are you going to go with your wife **tonight**?
10. My mother is more careful than my father.

### Try.2

1. Who runs fastest in the world?
2. Does your wife often ask you to take her to restaurants?
3. She likes eating delicious food.
4. The restaurant where they had dinner was opened three years ago.
5. Where are you going to go with your wife tonight?
6. My mother is more careful than my father.
7. She wanted to be called Jennie by everyone.
8. Are you with your wife now?
  - Yes, I am.
9. Were there many people at the party?
10. Did she marry the man she loved?

## Speaking 18

### Try.1

1. ~~Nancy wants a person to talk with her.~~
  - Nancy wanted someone to talk to.
2. It snowed on the night when she and I had dinner at the restaurant.
  - It was snowing on the night when I had dinner at the restaurant with her.
3. Is it cool in Japan now?
  - Yes, it is.
4. He tried to solve the problem again.
5. She earn~~ed~~**s** more money than her husband.
6. He went to Spain to see ~~games of soccer~~ **soccer games**.
7. This is the bag my grandfather bought for me.
8. The girl whose mother is a pianist wants to be a singer.
9. It is so cold that I want something hot to drink.
10. My brother will be a teacher.

### Try.2

1. The girl whose mother is a pianist wants to be a singer.
2. He tried to solve the problem again.
3. Is it ~~cold~~**cool** in Japan now?
  - Yes, it is.
4. Nancy wanted someone to talk to.
5. It was snowing on the night when I had dinner at the restaurant with her.
6. This is the bag my grandfather bought for me.
7. She earns more money than her husband.
8. Is is so cold that I want something hot to drink.
9. He went to Spain to see soccer games.
10. My brother will be a teacher. 
