+++
title =  "2020-10-09: English"
date = 2020-10-09T09:12:51+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 10/09 lesson

### Phrasal Verbs and examples using them

#### go away

1. to leave a place or person
    - I went away from there as if to escape.
    - I want to go away from here in no time.
3. If a problem, unpleasant feeling etc goes away, it disappears
    - I can't go away what I took a mistake before.
    - To go away your regret, you ought to keep moving.
    - I want to go away my past failure.

#### go around

0. visit
    - I like going around a local town on foot
    - I'd like to go around the world someday.
    - I'm going to go around Hokuriku region in this winter.
1. to behave or dress in a particular way
    - When I was a child, one of my friends went around in a T-shirt and a half pants even in winter.
    - I'm decided not to go around accusing others at all.

#### go against

1. if something goes against your beliefs, principles etc, it is opposite to them
    - If you often make decisions that go against your faith, you will be sick.
    - I don't want to do anything goes against my belief.
    - When I face something going against the time, I get around it, not meeting it head-on.

#### go about

2. to do something in the way that you usually do
    - I dryly go about my tasks that I don't want to do actually.
    - I was going about my task as usual, however I was upset actually.

#### go through

1. to experience a difficult or unpleasant situation, feeling etc 
    - I'm trying to go through this pandemic doing what I should do.
    - I get some sleep when I can't get through something difficult to do.

#### go through with something

* to do something you had promised or planned to do, even though it causes problems or you are no longer sure you want to do it
    - John McClane bravely went through with preventing the hijack. It's an action film, "Die Hard".

#### go for

3. to choose something
    - I'll go for surfing tomorrow, a typhoon is coming though.
    - I'm decided to go for a trip, the pandemic haven't eases though.

#### going in for something

1. to do an examination or take part in a competition
    - We often must go in for something competitions whether we want or not.
    - If I can, I don't want to go in for any competitions, because I don't like any pressure.

#### go without

1. to not have something that you usually have
    - I can't stand if I go without surfing for a month.
    - We can go without food for a few weeks.
    - However, We can't go without water for a week.

#### go out

3. to stop burning or shining
    - All lights sometimes went out suddenly due to typhoons, when I was a child.
    - The light went out due to the dead battery.

#### go on

1. to continue doing something or being in a situation
    - I used to go on working overnight before due to workaholic.
    - This pandemic will go on through next year.

#### go along with

1. to agree with or support someone or something
    - It would be easier to go along with your boss rather than thinking yourself.
    - You ought to go along with your colleagues.

#### go together

1. if two things go together, they exist together or are connected in some way.
    - Obesity and high blood pressure often go together.
    - A lucky and unlucky things occasionally go together.

#### ongoing

* My learning English is still ongoing.

### Vocabulary

* obsess
    - if something or someone obsesses you, you think or worry about them all the time and you can't think about anything else

### Example using the vocabulary

I'm obsessed with the idea that I need to improve my skills.
Because I eager to change my job.

### What I wanted to say but I couldn't say

#### About the route of the typhoon which is coming to Japan now

The route of typhoon is changed.
First the typhoon would make a landing.
However, it turned away from Japan.

#### About surfing under a typhoon

It's indeed dangerous.
However, if you are familiar with the surfing point, you can correctly find it out how danger.
You can surf even under a typhoon provided that you are super careful without overconfidence.

#### About my experience of earthquakes

I had experienced the Great East Japan Earthquake in Osaka.
First I thought I was sick because I felt myself swinging.
But it was wrong, that was the Great East Japan Earthquake
I felt it strongly, Osaka was 800km far from the origin of the earthquake though.

#### About differences between intensity and magnitude of earthquakes

Intensity means how big the shaking from earthquake is.
Magnitude means how big the earthquake is.
Japanese think the intensity is important because intensity affects the damage from earthquake.
However magnitude is important for foreigners.
I don't know why.
- - -

## Speaking: 4-33

### Try.1

1. Are they ~~in~~ **at** the library now?
    - No, they aren't.
2. Your grandfather is too old to go there.
3. Would you tell me what she wants, please?
    - Please tell me what she wants.
4. How many books did Tom read last year?
5. The article written by her was long.
6. She had many thing to do **yesterday**.
7. How beautiful this lake is!
8. The foreigner I met at the party last night spoke Japanese so well.
9. This is ~~the~~ **a** text**book** that is used ~~at~~ **in** many school**s**.
10. The dog will be loved by everyone.

### Try.2

1. Please tell me what she wants.
2. This is a textbook that is used in many schools.
3. The foreigner I met at the party last night spoke Japanese very well.
4. How many book did Tom read last year?
5. Your grandfather is too old to go there.
6. Are they at the library now?
    - No, they aren't.
7. The dog will be loved by everyone.
8. She had a lot of things to do yesterday.
9. How beautiful this lake is!
10. The article written by her was long. 

## Review 10/01 lesson

### come out

1. if information comes out, people learn about it, especially after it has been kept secret
    - It will be come out that some aliens lives on the Earth.
2. if a book, record etc comes out, it becomes publicly available.
    - A new version of the software library will come out next week.

### come off

1. to become removed from something
    - The sticker didn't come off the table clean.
2. if something that has been planned comes off, it happens
    - Eventually the end of the pandemic will come off.
3. to be successful
    - I wish a new vaccine come off pretty well.

### come about

1. to happen, especially in a way that is not planned
    - Why did this pandemic come about? Nobody knows.

## Writing: Part2 (41,42,43)

41. Are you studying for TOEIC?
    - No, I'm not studying for TOEIC.
    - Because it's not interesting and boring.
    - In addition, I don't want to study English to get a good score on a TOEIC test.
    - I want to learn useful English for real life and enjoy it.
    - Therefore, I will not study for TOEIC, when I need to TOEIC score for changing job, I'll study TOEIC though.
42. What is that you want to during winter?
    - I want to go on a trip during winter.
    - ~~Because Japanese government discounts travel fee to help boosting economy until the end of next January.~~
        - Because the JPN government is currently encouraging people to travel with in Japan,
            so they can travel at a cheaper price.
    - ~~The budget isn't fully used yet, so the deadline of the discount will be extended.~~
        - When you travel, you spend money right? This lasts until the end of next January.
    - Therefore, I want to go on a trip in also spring using the discount.
43. What do you use the computer for at work?
    - I use the computer for developing software at work.
    - I mainly manipulate data, do coding programs, and test it on the computer.
    - Moreover, I usually read and write an email, communicate with my colleagues with messaging tools.
    - Since I'm a software engineer, I can't ~~think to~~ work without computers.


