+++
title =  "2020-09-03: English"
date = 2020-09-03T10:01:20+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-11 Training 11

### Try.1

1. The cat ~~is~~ **was** loved by everyone.
2. He can jump higher than you.
3. It ~~is~~ **was** boring for her to study the subject.
4. This book is hers.
5. Could you take care of my cat, when I leave home?
    - Will you please take care of my cat while I am away?
    - Would you take care of my cat while I'm away?
6. ~~My son is talking with someone via the telephone now.~~
    - My son is talking to somebody on the phone now.
7. They stopped running suddenly.
8. When he came back to Japan, it was warm.
    - It was warm on the day when he came back to Japan.
9. You will be able to run as fast as your brother.
10. ~~Many shooting stars were seen at the night.~~
    - A lot of falling stars were seen that night.

### Try.2

1. My son is talking to somebody on the phone now.
2. This book is hers.
3. He can jump higher than you.
4. A lot of shooting stars were seen that night.
5. You will be able to run as fast as your brother.
6. Would you please take care of my cat, while I'm away?
7. They stopped running suddenly.
8. The cat was loved by everyone.
9. It was boring for her to study the subject.
10. It was warm on the day when he came back to Japan.

## Writing: 29th February, 2020 - Microsoft Flight Simulator includes all world airports.

### Summary

The Microsoft airplane game Flight Simulator includes every airport in the world.
Those airports contains not only big airports but also tiny airports.
The designers used satellite images and Bing maps to create those airports.

### Discussion

a. What do you think about what you read?
    - I think that we will be able to drive a car on every roads or sail a ship on every sea.
b. How important are graphics in video games?
    - It's so important in video games, especially one which simulates a real world.
    - Because it decides that people who play the game are immersed in it or not.
    - For instance, they can be immersed in the game, if they could feel it as reality, not as a game.
    - Therefore, graphics in video games is so much important.
c. How important are video games to you?
    - It's not much. It usually wastes my time.
    - However, occasionally it can help me to relieve stress, I think.
d. What other simulator games would you like to play?
    - I'd like to play the game that simulates scuba diving.
    - Because you can see beautiful scenes and fishes.
    - For instance, you can see deep-sea fishes that you've never seen,
      and you can swim with many dolphines or turtles.
    - In addition, the 70 percentage of the world is covered with the sea.
    - So, I want to dive all over the world sea in the game.
e. Would you like to be a pilot?
    - No, I wouldn't. Because I prefer a traveler to a pilot.
f. Which is better, flying or using a flight simulator?
    - Using a flight simulator is better. Because it's not risky.
g. What will games be like in 50 years from now?
    - Games will make another world in 50 years.
    - That is, people will be able to experience everything in the virtual world.
    - For instance, people can get every licenses like driving licenses, flight licenses and sailing licenses.
    - Moreover, you can become somebody who you want to be, in the virtual world.
    - Finally, it's not games, it's the another world.
h. What questions would you like to ask the game developers?
    - 

## Self-introduction

Today, I'm going to see a new English teacher online.
So, I'd like to prepare for self-introduction.


Good evening. How are you doing?  
(...)  
I'm grad to hear that. I'm doing good, too.  
(...)  
I'd like to introduce myself.
I'm Naoki Morita.
I'm residing in Kanagawa prefectore, Japan.
I work for Panasonic Corporation as a software engineer.
I'm responsible for developing software about automotive network.
I began to learn English at MeRISE conversation last May.
In addition, I began to learn English at MeRISE coaching two weeks ago.
I temporarily stopped MeRISE conversation, though.
Because I'd like to focus on MeRISE coaching.

Nice to meet you, too.

### usual weekdays

I usually work from home since this March.
It's because of corona virus.
Pandemic is too bad, however,
I prefer the current working style to before pandemic. 
I don't have to commut to work. It takes one and a half hours.
It had wasted my time and kept giving me stressed.
I don't wanna commute anymore, even after pandemic has gone.
I'm working from home comfortably, now.

### uaual weekends

I usually go shopping, and jogging or surfing.
Or, I study English, Data Science or Machine Learning.
I love surfing.
I can feel free by riding waves.
Surfing can relieves my stress.
And it's definitely fun, I enjoy it.

Nearest sea is 10 minutes bicycle from my apartment.
I alwasy go there for surfing.

### about English

My goals for learning English have three.
Firstly, I want to enjoy trip to foreign countries, I can't go anywhere now due to pandemic, though.
Secondly, I want to work for international company using English, or work abroad.
Lastly, I need to catch up with new technology so that I need to read technical documents and books,
and to attend to conferences or have online class.
I'd like to enjoy English class to improve my English.

### about work

I began to work at Meguro, Tokyo after graduate school.
About two years later, I changed my job.
Because I wanted to develop software.
I had deployed, manage and operate server and network,
however, I found that I liked also programming as well as managing network and server.
So, I wanted to work at place where I could do both.
After changing my job, I worked at Meguro, Tokyo for a while.
And then, I was transferred to Osaka.
I had worked there for about two years, and then I was transferred to Fukuoka, Kyushu.
I had worked there for one year, and then I was transferred to Osaka, again.
Two years later, I moved to Fukuoka, again.
I had worked at Fukuoka and then moved to Yokohama.
And now I'm residing in Kanagawa.

### I don't wanna be transferred anymore. 

There were lots of transfers in my company.
Now fortunately, I don't have to be transferred due to corona virus.
However, if I was told to move somewhere else, I would change my job.
I'm learning English now, it's preparation for changing my job.

### I prefer rural to urban.

By the way, I've lived in Osaka for university.
I like Osaka culture, like funny is the best.
And I also like Osaka local food, Takoyaki and Okonomiyaki.
After university, I moved to Nara for graduate school.

When I was a child, I wanted to live in urban.
But now, after lots of transfers, I prefer rural to urban.
I like nature, for instance playing in the river, 
surfing in the sea, and camping in the mountain.
I'm not a big fan of urban now.
