+++
title =  "2020-11-10: English"
date = 2020-11-10T09:26:50+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 11/10 lesson

### bring out
to produce something that will be sold to the public

* Linkin Park haven't brought out a new album since the singer's death.
* Apple brought out new Macbook Pro a few month ago.
* The company is going to bring out a new product next month.

### turn out
to produce or make a lot of a particular product

* It's normal now to turn out thousands of commodities by a lots of machinery.
* The factory turns out the baskets everyday.
* The plant is turning out many cheap products and garbage.

### crank (sth) out
to produce a lot of something very quickly

* Japanese companies cranked out a lot of face masks according to people's demand.
* A few medical companies are trying to crank out the vaccine against coronavirus. 
* Nowadays it's important for every companies to crank out a new product for a short period.

### make (sth) to order
to make the exact specifications, to be custom-made

* I don't make anything to order, because it's expensive.
* She wears just clothing which is made to order, because she has a thing about clothing.
* I have never made suits to order, and I don't need any more suits due to working from home. 

### cut down (on)
reduce: to reduce the amount of something

* Cut down on browsing Internet, or you would waste your life.
* I cut down sugar lately for my health.
* I need to cut down watching movies on Netflix, or I couldn't pass the exam.

### run out (of), run low (on)
not to have any more, not to have much more

* Since my car ran low on gas, I went toward a gas station.
* However I ran out of gas on the way to the gas station in the end.
* He ran low on money and ran out of motivation.
* I ran low on soy sauce, so I went to a supermarket to buy it.
* I ran out of milk, so I need to buy it now.

### go through
use: to use up money or a supply of something

* My wife and I drink several cups of black tea with milk a day,
    so we go through a carton of milk a day.
* We went through our budget of this year, so we can't buy anything more. 
* I went through all chewing gum so I couldn't concentrate on working.

### collect dust
to remain untouched and unused for long period of time

* I practiced to swim before, however my swimming pants and goggles collect dust now.
* He got out the guitar which was collecting dust for a long time.
* I sold all things which collected dust in the closet.

### pack rat
someone who collects and stores things that they do not really need.

* He is a pack rat, therefore his house is full of garbage.
* Many old people are almost pack rat because they were poor when they were children.
* I'm trying not to be pack rat because I don't like a messy room.

- - -

## Today

Not bad.
Today, I worked from home as usual and I went to a clinic to have a medicine for pollinosis.
I have an allergy to pollen and dust all year, therefore I always need the medicine.
If I don't take the medicine, my nose would be running and my eyes would itches.

## Speaking: 4-53

### Try.1

1. He will finish reading the book **soon**.
2. If you meet him, you will find why everybody likes him.
    - If you meet him, you will understand why everyone likes him.
3. I didn't know what to ~~tell her~~ **say to her**.
4. Why didn't she want to see them?
5. She asked the children to be quiet.
6. There were many famous people at the party.
7. Please tell me what's ~~there is in it~~ **inside**.
8. Bob enjoyed **playing** games with his friends **yesterday**.
9. The story which my uncle ~~said to~~ **told** us was strange.
10. ~~I had the coffee poured by her.~~
    - I had her make some coffee.

### Try.2

1. She asked the children to be quiet.
2. There were many famous people at the party.
3. Why didn't she want to see them?
4. I didn't know what to tell her.
5. I had her make some coffee.
6. Bob enjoyed playing games with his friends yesterday.
7. If you meet him, you will understand why everybody likes him.
8. He will finish reading the book soon.
9. Please tell me what's inside.
10. The story my uncle told us was strange.

