+++
title =  "2020-09-07: English"
date = 2020-09-07T08:50:46+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 09/07 lesson

### Why video games are so addictive?

It's because people can do what they want to do, I think.
Since there are many things that they can't do in the real world.
For example, they can climb Everest and fly, and they can become even super heroes.
Therefore, they are addicted to video games.

### How important are graphics in video games?

It's so important for video games to have beautiful graphics.
Because people can get immersed in the game with realistic images.
For instance, they feel as if they are in the real world
when they play the flight simulator, the car racing game or the first-person shooter game.
Therefore, graphics is very important for gamers.

### To organize your opinions

You can say first ..., second ..., third ..., finally ....

### To add more information

Moreover, on top of that, additionally, furthermore

### Vocabularies

#### addictive
if a substance, especially a drug is addictive, your body starts to need it regularly and you are unable to stop taking it.

* I am addicted to surfing, because it makes me feel flying.
* Surfing is addictive, so a lot of people are addicted to it.

#### exactness
completely correct in every detail

* The exactness of his play is amazing, so he can be a top basketball player, I guess.

#### on top of that
in addition

* Kanazawa has many delicious food, on top of that it has also beautiful buildings.

#### aspire
to desire and work towards achieving something important

* I'm aspiring to improve my skill to change my job.

#### exertion

* You should always use exertion the best, however you will not always success.

#### haul
to pull something heavy with a continuous steady movement

* He hauled the door shut behind him and hold the door to help Bran.

- - -

## Speaking: 4-(9-12) Training (9-12)

### 4-9

* This novel is read in many countries.
* When the telephone rang, she woke up at once.
* Is it necessary for the children to read these books?
* The student who speaks English best in this class is Ken.
* After they had dinner, they enjoyed dancing.
* He asked her where she was going.
* I'm going to write a few letters this afternoon.
* Would you bring three chairs, please?
* He will finish writing the novel soon.
* We walked on the road covered with leaves.

### 4-10

* The park where they play soccer is very big.
* He let his son use his computer.
* Don't leave the door open.
* Where are you going to have dinner?
* The tree was too high for the boy to climb.
* After he took a bath, he drank a glass of beer.
* He had the weighter bring a glass of water.
* Do I need to buy this book?
    - No, you don't.
* I will teach him math.
* Swallows fly much faster than sparrows.

### 4-11

* It was warm on the day when he came back to Japan.
* It was boring for her to study the subject.
* My son is ~~speaking~~ **talking** to somebody on the phone now.
* This book is hers.
* He can jump higher than you.
* A lot of shooting star**s** were seen that night.
* They stopped running suddenly.
* The cat is loved by everyone.
* You will be able to run as fast as your brother.
* Would you **please** take care of my cat while I'm away?

### 4-12

* ~~Teach~~ **Tell** them where to go.
* Where did you buy that sweater?
* That language is not spoken now.
* I want to get there before it begins to rain.
* Tom is as smart as his brother.
* Would you please paint these walls white?
* This ring is too expensive for me to buy.
* You must not open this door.
* Suddenly the doll began to move.
* Is the girl singing on the stage Nancy?
