+++
title =  "2020-09-14: English"
date = 2020-09-14T15:57:08+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 09/14 lesson

I'd like to write down about what I wanted to say in the today's lesson.
I couldn't say that at that time because I couldn't organized my opinion and find my words.
In today's lesson, I couldn't tell a gist of the article that I've read.
It's difficult to summarize an article immediately.

### How did the pandemic affect your country?

I think that the pandemic affected my country badly and
it will make us use more Information technology.
Because my country couldn't use IT enough.
For instance, my government tried to give Japanese people some money immediately for COVID-19.
However, it took a lot of time to give us the money.
It's because public officers handled every applications for the money by hand.
Therefore, I believe that my country will begin to build enough IT infrastructure.

### How would you define a normal life after the lockdown?

I will define a normal life as a life mainly online.
Because you have to live with the coronavirus even after lifting lockdown.
For example, you have to have a job interview online and work from home, in addition, you have to visit a concert online instead of a music hall.
That is, you have to do most things online.

### What is the biggest lesson did you learn during the pandemic?

The biggest lesson I learned during the pandemic is that
skill is the most important to survive crisis.
Because your looks or politeness will be less worth than before.
It's because you will have less opportunities to meet your boss, colleagues, or customers offline.
They don't care about your personality, they will care what you can do.
Therefore, I'm trying to improve my English and technical skills more since the pandemic began.

### vocabulary

* gist
    - the most important pieces of information about something, or general information without details.

#### an example sentence using gist.

You should tell the gist of what you want to say first.
Because the audience can't understand you well unless you tell it first.
In addition, you ought to tell the gist again last.
Moreover, it's good to keep the gist concise.

- - -
## Writing: 12th August, 2020 - Delivery of COVID vaccine needs 8,000 jumbo jets

### Summary

Whenever a vaccine for COVID-19 is created, distributing the vaccine will have three big problems.
Firstly, the air cargo industry have no experience that deliver 8,000 flights at once.
Scientists says that to transport the vaccine across the globe will require around 8,000 flight planes.
Secondly, the vaccine requires keeping at the same temperature throughout its journey.
Therefore, that requires temperature-controlled cargo hubs and warehouses, and well trained staffs worldwide.
Finally, the vaccine will be highly valuable commodities,
so we need to ensure that shipments remain secure from tampering and theft.

### Discussion

* a) When do you think scientists will create a vaccine?
    - I think they will finish creating and testing a vaccine for COVID-19 the mid of next year.
* b) Would you have the vaccine?
    - No, I wouldn't have the vaccine for a while.
    - Because I'm afraid the side-effect of the vaccine.
    - For instance, the vaccine may give us some diseases or numbness.
    - Actually, there were such accidents so far in Japan.
    - Therefore, I will wait for taking the vaccine for a while until it become more safely.
* c) Why won't anti-vaxxers have the vaccine?
    - I think, they are afraid of the side-effect like me.
* d) What do you think of the logistics of distributing the vaccine worldwide?
    - In my opinion, the vaccine should be created worldwide, not a certain country.
    - This is because there are other difficulties in transporting vaccines
      other than what is described in the article.
    - For example, who will pay for the transportation costs? like that.
    - Therefore, the vaccine should be created at places near patients.
* e) What is your government doing about COVID-19?
    - Japanese government is trying to get enough vaccine for all Japanese people.
    - In addition, my government is planning to give the vaccine us for free.
* f) What was the 'mission of the century' before this vaccine?
    - I have no idea about the mission before this vaccine.
* g) What was the mission of the twentieth century?
    - It was the mission to the Moon, I think.
* h) What is the best way to distribute the vaccine to every person on Earth?
    - I have no idea about it. There is no silver bullet about it.
    - However, we have to solve many problems one by one.
