+++
title =  "2020-09-19: English"
date = 2020-09-19T15:30:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 09/18 Lesson

They are what I couldn't say what I wanted to say.

### Why did the current prime minister of Japan quit?

It's because he has a health problem and it has been worse,
so he decided not to keep his post.
He has been the prime minister before ~~at~~ once, it was fourteen years ago.
He resigned from his post at that time because of his health problem.
That is to say, he resigned twice from the prime minister.

### How do Japanese choose the next prime minister of Japan?

Japanese can't choose the prime minister directly.
Japanese prime minister is chosen by members of Congress.
Japan has a political system similar to England. It's the parliamentary democracy.
So, there is no president who chooses the prime minister.

### Is Japanese eating manner making a sound when eating noodles?

No, it isn't.
Japanese don't think to make a slurping sound intentionally when eating noodles.
I think there are two reasons.
Firstly, they use chopsticks and don't use a fork that wraps pasta around.
Secondly, they don't move their face closer to a bowl or a dish.
Because it's a bad manner for eating.
Therefore, they slurp noodles eventually making a slurping sound.

### What is a difference between Kanto region and Kansai region about Udon in Japan.

The differences are **the** soup and softness of Udon.
The soup of eastern Udon is black because of soy sauce, and its soup is mainly based on dried bonito broth.
And its noodles is softer than western one.
On the other hand, the color of the soup of western Udon is light.
Its soup is mainly based on Konbu seaweed broth.
And the texture of western Udon noodles is like "al dente" of Italian pasta.
In addition, there are also many types of Udon in Japan.

### Vocabulary

* broth
* slurp
* unintentionally
* compliment
* reputation

### Home work

I can't read the article unless you allow me to read it. 

1. In Singapore, the work 'no' is considered impolite.
2. In Greece, you should nod your head upwards to say 'yes'


### Idioms

* go Dutch
* stick to your guns
* return the compliment
* save face 
* give ground
* wine and dine

## Writing 18th September, 2020 - Photo of Andromeda Galaxy wins astronomy prize.

### Summary

A French photographer has won a top photography contest.
He used a special technique called tilt-shift to take his photo.
We can see the Andromeda galaxy bright and close clearly.

### Discussion

* a) What do you know about astronomy?
    - I don't know about astronomy very much.
    - I wasn't interested in astronomy when I was a child, and now neither.
    - On the other hand, my brother liked watching stars and planets.
    - My family often went to a mountains to watch them.
* b) How interested are you in space?
    - My interests in space is moderate.
    - I'm interested in trip to space or what we can do in space.
    - For instance, they're like a trip around the Earth or one week stay on the Moon, like that.
    - I wish I stand on the Moon as a tourist in the near future.
* c) Should students study astronomy at school?
    - Yes, they should do.
    - Because we can know about our ordinary life deeply through astronomy.
    - For instance, we can know about calendar, satellite, and a lot of science fiction movies.
    - In addition, astronomy gives students curiosity that makes them energy.
    - Therefore, every students should study astronomy.
* d) How good are you at taking photos?
    - I'm not good at taking photos at all.
    - I have a poor sense of beauty.
* e) What do you know about the Milky Way?
    - I don't know about the Milky Way.
    - By the way, there is a myth about the Milky Way in Japan.
    - A prince lives on a side of the Milky Way and a princess lives on the other side. 
    - They can meet one a year, on the evening of the 7th of July.
* f) What kinds of photos do you like?
    - I like photos of the beautiful sea and waves.
    - In addition, I like also galaxy photos.
* g) What do you think of space?
    - It's scary.
    - Because if I have some accident in space, I must be died.
    - For instance, they're like an air leak, an electric leak or a fire.
    - Therefore, I'd like to go to space after a space trip is super safe.
* h) Would you like to go into space?
    - Yes, I would, of course.
    - I'd like to feel zero gravity, jump on the Moon, and watch the Earth from the Moon.
    - The Earth will be too small for the human to live comfortably in the future, I think.
    - Because the population of the Earth has been increasing continuously and the environment has been worse rapidly. 
    - We should go to into space to build other places where human can live.

### Vocabulary

* prestigious
    - admired as one of the best and most important
* astronomy
    - the scientific study of the stars and planets
* celestial
    - relating to the sky or heaven
* over the moon
    - very happy
* scoop
    - win a prize (British English)
* reach for the stars
    - to aim for something that is very difficult to achieve
