+++
title =  "2020-11-22: English"
date = 2020-11-22T15:00:48+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-(57-61)

1. Why did he paint this picture?
2. The news will surprise them.
3. A woman whose name was Nancy Brown came here today.
4. The vegetables sold here are fresh.
5. Bob must know her phone number.
6. Did you see the program again?
    - Yes, I did.
7. It will be cloudy in Paris tomorrow.
8. The teacher took the students to the museum.
9. When he told us about the plan, it sounded impossible.
10. The cat is called Tama.

1. Is it necessary for them to run every day?
2. How did they go there?
3. What does Tom have in his hand?
4. Was Bob jogging at that time?
    - Yes, he was.
5. When I was a student, I studied hard.
6. She read the novel last month.
7. She married a man whose father ran a big hotel.
8. He jogs every day to lose weight.
9. They heard someone cry.
10. Is that girl his cousin?
    - No, she isn't.

1. How can I open this box?
2. How expensive this hat is!
3. There are many good restaurants in this town.
4. Is this magazine more popular than that one?
    - Yes, it is.
5. The ground was covered with snow.
6. The woman sang a song for us.
7. The boy who is drinking milk is Bob.
8. My father goes to Germany every year.
9. He will have to see them again.
10. My wife is not very good at driving.

1. I know a boy whose parents live abroad.
2. This is the most difficult subject of all.
3. He watched TV until his father came back.
4. Did you see him swim across the river?
    - Yes, I did.
5. This ring must be my mother's.
6. This city is visited by many foreigners every year,
7. I think he is thinking about her.
8. I have never told a lie.
9. His name is known to young people.
10. Did you go to France to meet her?

1. She will like this story.
2. She thought he liked children.
3. Who is that tall man standing over there?
4. Is the boy who is playing the violin her son?
5. I saw your aunt the other day.
6. This joke will make everyone laugh.
7. What did she do when she lost her passport?
8. The doctor told the man not to drink too much.
9. Do you know what color your wife likes?
10. She studied until she felt sleepy.

## Listening: 4-36

### Mode.1

1. The Shibuya station of Ginza line is funny because it is on the third floor.
2. Hachiko is a symbol of family royalty for Japanese.
3. That's because three large television screen are playing loud music and
    some politician often stands on the truck and shout political messages through the micro phone.

### Mode.2

1. The Shibuya station of Ginza line is funny because it is on the third floor in spite of Ginza line is subway.
2. Hachiko is a symbol of family royalty for Japanese.
3. That's because three large television screen are playing loud music and
    some politician often stands on their trucks and shout their political messages into the micro phone.

### Mode.3

1. The Shibuya station of Ginza subway line is funny because it is on the third floor.
2. Hachiko is a symbol of family royalty for Japanese.
3. That's because three large television screen are playing loud music and
    some politician often stands on their trucks and shout their political messages into the micro phone.

### Mode.4

1. A funny thing about Shibuya station is that the Ginza subway line, which you would expect to be underground, is actually on the third floor.
2. Hachiko became a symbol of family loyalty that Japanese people still respect. 
3. There are three large television screens mounted on buildings above Shibuya Crossing, all playing loud music.
    Moreover, there are often trucks parked at the station. Politicians stand on the trucks and shout their political messsages into microphones.


### Answer

1. You would expect it to be underground but it is actually on the third floor. 
2. He is a symbol of family loyalty.
3. There are three large television screens mounted on buildings above Shibuya Crossing, all playing loud music.
    There are often sound trucks parked at the setation.
    Pliticians stand on the trucks and shout their political messages into microphones.

