+++
title =  "2020-10-04: English"
date = 2020-10-04T15:15:48+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 2020/10/04 lesson

### What I wanted to say but I couldn't say.

* Describe the pictures.
    - The bride and groom are holding their wedding in a church.
    - The bride is fitting a wedding dress.
* An example of Japanese superstitions
    - When you see an ambulance, you should cover your thumb. 
        Because if you don't do that, your parents will die soon.
    - You must not cut your nail at night, or you'll never see my parents die.

### Vocabulary

* superstitions
    - a belief that some objects or actions are lucky or unlucky, or that they cause events to happen, base on old ideas of magic
* ensemble
* extinguish
    - to make a fire or light stop burning or shining
* opt
    - to choose one thing or do one thing instead of another
* accident prone
    - more likely to have accidents than other people
* prosperity
    - when people have money and everything that is needed for a good life
* fame
    - the state of being known about by a lot of people because of your achievements

### Examples using the vocabulary I didn't know

* I don't believe any superstitions even if I have lots of trouble.
  I believe in science, not superstitions.
* We are always one of parts of something ensemble 
  whether you like it or not.
* My motivation to work is extinguished sometimes,
  especially when I'm assigned tasks that make no sense.
* I opted to go on a trip to Okinawa 
  because I want to use "Go to Travel campaign" by Japanese government.
* You must get enough sleep, or everything can be accident-prone for you.
* Prosperity don't bring lots of money, you need money for prosperity.

- - -

## Sepaking: 4-(26-29) Traiing (26-29)

### Try.1

1. She went back to England for Christmas.
2. That woman can speak twenty languages.
3. I think she is older than Tom.
4. What he said may be true.
5. That cat which is sleeping on the sofa is Tama.
6. Peter is the tallest student in this school.
7. She is as beautiful as a rose.
8. Do you want me to read this article?
    - Yes, I do.
9. Do you eat spaghetti every day?
    - Yes, I do.
10. When did he go to India?

1. She is beautiful and intelligent.
2. She looked up at the shining star.
3. He had enough money to buy the house.
4. That is the man everyone in the town respects. 
5. Why did Tom eat nothing yesterday?
6. Since he was **very** hungry, he couldn't sleep. 
7. It's very fun to study at this school.
    - It will be a lot of fun to study at this school.
8. When he came back, she felt happy.
9. I've never read the poem.
10. You must do your homework before you watch TV.

1. She likes winter better than summer.
2. How fat that man is!
3. I wonder who wrote such a beautiful poem.
4. His joke made her laugh.
5. The girl had a basket which was full of flowers.
6. He didn't say he knew her.
7. Did he say anything?
8. Where did you see his sister?
9. Is that your jacket or his?
    - It's his.
10. Were there so many things to see in that town?

1. Bob's car broke down on the way there.
2. Where did your daughter find this book?
3. She will never see them again.
4. Why can he speak Japanese so well?
5. You must not smoke here.
6. She sees him once a month.
7. I want you to listen to this song again.
8. Call me again after ten o'clock.
9. That is the chair my son made.
10. I want to take my wife to Paris.

## Writing: 2nd October, 2020 - Two-fifths of world's plants at risk of extinction

### Discussion

* a) What do you know about plants?
    - I don't know about plants very much.
    - However, they produce oxygen and help humans a lot.
* b) What are your favourite plants?
    - My favourite plants are fruit and vegetables.
    - Because they're very tasty.
* c) How important are plants?
    - Plants could help people.
    - Because we could make medicine for the coronavirus and other diseases from plants.
    - In addition, some of them may be super food that could be a lifeline to lots of people.
    - Therefore, we can't live without plants, I think.
* d) How important are plants in your life?
    - Plants are very important for my life.
    - Because I love fruit and vegetables.
    - In addition, I like reading a book in the shade of a tree.
    - Moreover, flowers make me feel happy.
    - I can't imagine my life without plants.
* e) Do we need to study more about plants at school?
    - Yes, we do.
    - We need to study ecosystem of plants at school.
    - In addition, we need to learn its importance for humans.
    - We tend to think that plants grow naturally.
    - However, if we don't try to preserve plants, they will be extinct.
* f) What will happen as more and more plants become extinct?
    - Humans will go toward extinction with plants.
* g) What do you think of warnings like this?
    - I think we should do something to preserve plants based on science, not emotion.
    - I don't think paper straws and saving plastic bags can save animals and plants.
    - Because those things are just self-satisfied of rich people.
* h) How worried are you by this news?
    - I'm worried very much, however there's not much I can do, I think.
    - What I can do is to study science not to be fooled by stupid idea.

## Vocabulary

* end up
    - to be in a particular situation, state, or place after a series of events, especially when you did not plan it
* extinction
    - when a particular type of animal or plant stops existing
* stark
    - very plain in appearance, with little or no colour or decoration
    - unpleasantly clear and impossible to avoid
* flora
    - all the plants that grow in a particular place or country
* botanist
    - someone whose job is to make scientific studies of wild plants
* race against time
    - to try to finish or achieve something even though you have very little time 
* clue
    - an object or piece of information that helps someone solve a crime or mystery
    - information that helps you understand the reasons why something happens
* fungus/fungi
    - a simple type of plant that has no leaves or flowers and that grows on plants or other surfaces
* poverty
    - the situation or experience of being poor
* insecurity
    - not feeling at all confident about yourself, your abilities, or your relations with people
* humankind
    - people in general
* insist someone do
    - to say firmly and often that something is true, especially when other people think it may not be true
    - to demand that something should happen
* biodiversity
    - the variety of plants and animals in a particular place


