+++
title =  "2020-11-08: English"
date = 2020-11-08T13:17:04+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-(47-51)

1. I don't want to say anything now.
2. Her daughter graduated from high school this year.
3. He has lost the picture**s** he took in France.
4. He was kind enough to help me ~~do~~ with my homework.
5. Did he eat it with chopsticks?
6. He saw the leaves fall down.
7. He can swim faster than Tom.
8. Look at the picture hanging on the wall.
9. They are going to have lunch in Yokohama.
10. Do those children know where to take the bus?

1. Does the coffee ~~taste~~ **smell** good?
2. If the girl wants this doll, please give it to her.
3. While her children were doing their homework, she cooked dinner.
4. Although she went to the department store, she bought nothing.
5. His uncle runs three restaurants.
6. Since the floor was wet, the girl slipped and fell down.
7. Do you see the bench painted brown?
8. Where did you go with your family last summer?
9. Where is the picture you painted?
10. The dog was so big that the children were afraid of it.

1. Please tell me how the boy solved the problem?
2. Do you know why he said so?
3. We saw the bird fly away.
4. Are the boys and girls who are cleaning the classroom his students?
5. Is collecting stamps his hobby?
6. That old man must be over eighty years old.
7. Many people say that this is the best restaurant in the town.
8. The teacher made the boy close the window.
9. Did they wait for a long time?
10. He wants to know what his daughter wants for her birthday.

1. Has he read the letter yet?
    - No, he hasn't.
2. His mother asked him to post the letter on the way.
3. Do you think Helen is in love?
4. My brother always makes me do what he doesn't want to do.
5. Is German more difficult than English?
6. That man may be Tom's father.
7. It will be necessary for you to study abroad.
8. Please tell me when to come **here** next time.
9. This book is the most interesting of the five.
10. He left the office early to see his girlfriend.

1. She took his daughter to the hospital.
2. This is ~~the~~ **a** song often sung by young people.
3. Does you sister look young?
    - Yes, she does.
4. Have you ever seen him swim?
5. How beautiful this song is!
6. I have been driving this car for more than ten years.
7. Are you going to do your homework this afternoon?
8. He is writing something.
9. The second question was much more difficult than the first one.
10. Is that the bus which goes to the town?
