+++
title =  "2020-11-12: English"
date = 2020-11-12T09:38:07+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 11/12 lesson: Phrasal verbs Unit 12 - Yvee

take

### Vocabulary and the examples

#### take sth apart
to separate something into all its different parts

* It's fun to take something apart.
    However, take pictures of your progress or you can't put them back.
* I dropped my glass and it was taken apart.
* He got angry with the newspaper, so he took it apart.
* To take a product apart and put them together again trains you to be an engineer.

#### take sth/sb aside
to separate something/somebody away from a group

* His boss took him aside after the meeting, he was fired.
* She took some dishes aside, because her husband was going to come back soon.
* Frank took her aside at the party because he had to talk to her.
* I took some food aside, because I want to eat it later.

#### take up sth
2. to start a new job or have a new responsibility
    - He will take up a new post of the research and development department.
    - I want to take up the engineer of the department.
    - He took up the member of Congress after he failed his marriage.
    - I always want to take up something new.

#### take off
1. to leave a place, especially in a hurry
    - When I saw him coming, I took off from there as fast as possible.
    - I wanted to take off from there, because I had another appointment.
    - He got to take off from the party, because he had a lot of troubles.
    - As soon as he took off from the party, he began to complain.
2. take sth off sth: to remove an amount of money or a number of marks, points, etc. in order to reduce the total
    - The company took ten percents off his salary due to poor business performance.
    - The store took fifty percents off their products because they're going to close the store.
    - He was taken 10 points off from his score because he violated the rules.

#### take away from sth
1. to remove one number from another number
    * If you take 4 away from 12 you get 8.
    * I took two apples away from that.
2. to spoil the good effect or success that something less
    * His crime should not take away from his accomplishments.
    * Even if you fail once, it will not take away from your reputation.

#### take (sth) back
1. to admit that you were wrong to say something
    - You'd better take back the remark or you'll lose your friend.
    - I want to take back my slip on the tongue.
    - He wanted to take back his good reputation which he lost by his fail.
    - Although I was hesitate to take back what I said, I feel comfortable after taking it back.
2. to return something to the place where you got it
    - I will take these books back to the library tomorrow.
    - I'm going to take the computer back to the office.
    - He took it back without anyone noticing.
    - I have to take this book back to the library, so that I want to finish it today. 

#### take sth in
6. to understand or remember something that you hear or read
    - I've read the book, but I didn't take it in.
    - I couldn't concentrate on the class, so I didn't take anything in.
    - I studied hard to take everything in.
    - To take in something you learned, do it twice at least.
    - It will be difficult for me to take it in only once.

#### take out
* to arrange to get something officially, especially from an insurance company, a court of law, a company, bank, etc.
    - I had to take out a loan to pay my graduate school expenses.
    - I paid the loan completely which I took out at the graduate school.
    - Last year I paid the car loan which I took out 4 years ago. 
    - I don't want to take out some money from banks as much as possible,
        because I don't want to pay any interest.
    - He was taking out some money from the bank to buy buildings.

#### take to sth
1. to start doing something regularly
    - He had taken to smoke due to heavy stress.
    - He used to skip his classes, but now he takes to getting all classes.
    - I took to learning English since a year and a half ago.
    - I took to doing exercise at least twice a week.
    - I want to take to getting up at six for studying English.

- - -
## Writing: Kamala Harris to be first woman Vice President - 9th November, 2020

Kamala Harris is the U.S. Vice President. The major television networks in the USA have announced that Joe Biden has won the 2020 U.S. Election.  They said Mr Biden has 279 votes in the Electoral College, which is enough for him to be elected as America's 46th President. Ms Harris will be the first woman in U.S.  history to hold the post of Vice President. She will also be the first black American and the first of South Asian descent to hold the post. Harris, 56, simply tweeted: "We did it, Joe Biden." She added: "This election is about so much more than Joe Biden or me. It's about the soul of America and our willingness to fight for it. We have a lot of work ahead of us. Let’s get started."

Kamala Harris has been a rising star in the Democratic Party for the last two decades. She served as California's attorney general before becoming a US senator. She ran to become the nominee for the 2020 Democratic presidential campaign but lost to Joe Biden. However, Mr Biden chose her as his running mate. They will be sworn in as President and Vice President on January 20.  Jemele Hill, writing in the Atlantic magazine, said: "Harris' ascent to the vice-presidency is certainly a reflection of what's possible. She has accomplished something that no other black woman has. I can't help but daydream about Harris someday stepping one level up to the presidency."

### Vocabulary

#### descent
your family origins, especially your nationality or relationship to someone important who lived a long time ago

* I'm not sure that our descent could still live on the Earth in the future.

#### attorney general
the lawyer with the highest rank in some countries or in the US government

* She had a post of attorney general and she was proud of it.

#### nominee
someone who has been officially suggested for an important position, duty, or prize

* She was the Democratic Party presidential nominee.

#### swear in
if someone with a new public job or position is sworn in, they make an official promise to do their duty well

* The new president will be sworn in next January.

#### ascent
the process of becoming more important, powerful, or successful than before

* Mr.Suga's ascent to the prime minister was as we expected.

### Discussion

* a) What do you know about Kamala Harris?
    - I don't know about her well.
* b) What do you think of the US election result?
    - I'm interested in the result of the election.
    - Because it could affect Japanese politics.
    - For instance, it will affect the trading and security of Japan.
    - Therefore, I will keep watching it.
* c) What does a Vice President do?
    - I have no idea.
    - When the President couldn't work, the Vice President works in place of the President, I guess.
* d) Do you think what Kamala Harris should do as Vice President?
    - Yes, I think so.
    - Because she will be a first black and woman as the Vice President.
* e) How happy are you with your country's leaders?
    - I'm satisfied with the Japanese prime minister Mr.Suga.
    - Because he is taking over the policy of the previous prime minister.
    - For instance, he is trying to get along with America, Europe, and Asian counties except China. 
    - Therefore, I'm almost happy with my country's leader.
* f) What is the soul of America?
    - The soul of America is freedom and frontier spirits, I think.
* g) What work does Kamala Harris have ahead of her?
    - She has a work to unite America.
    - Because America is divided into two groups.
* h) What advice do you have for Kamala Harris?
    - I have no advice for Kamala Harris.
    - Because it's too difficult to solve the problem of America.

- - -

## Today

I worked from home today as ususal.
It's getting cold day by day, the lowest temperature today is 8 degress.

## Speaking: 4-55

### Try.1

1. Since the program was very interesting, everybody wanted to watch it.
    - The program was so interesting that everybody wanted to watch it.
2. Please tell me when to visit her.
3. She made her son wash **the** dishes.
4. He studies Spanish for three hours every day.
5. The **old** man they met ~~at~~ **in** the park was ninety years old.
6. Was Lucy taking a shower when ~~a phone~~ **the telephone** rang?
7. Since he had nothing to do, ~~he~~ **Tom** went home early. 
8. She will be as famous as you.
9. I think that she has ~~gone~~ **been** to India before.
10. Does your mother like music?

### Try.2

1. Since he didn't have anything to do, Tom went home early.
2. I think she has been to India before.
3. He studies Spanish for three hours every day.
4. She will be as famous as you.
5. The program was so interesting that everyone wanted to see it.
6. The old man they met in the park was ninety years old.
7. Please tell me when to visit her.
8. Does your mother like music?
9. She made her son wash the dishes.
10. Was Lucy taking a shower when the telephone rang?
