+++
title =  "2020-02-25: Touchstone-3 Unit-8 Lesson.A"
date = 2020-02-25T12:38:11+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-8: What if?
## Lesson.B: Life's little dilemmas

### 1. Building vocabulary and grammar

#### A. Listen and take the quiz. Circle your answers. Then compare with a partner.

1. b
  - It's depends on the friend, I mean that it depends on the closeness with the friend. 
  - If the friend is one of my best friends, I never let the friend buy a new one.
  - But unless the friend is my best friend, I would let the friend pay for it, definitely.
2. a
  + If I broke a camera borrowed from my friend, I would apologize for breaking it and pay for it.
    - I would never simply apologize, however I would ask him what he wants me to do.
    - Possibly, he wants a new one, or to repair it.
3. b
  - Probably I don't feel hurt. That was over between me and the someone.
  - Even if I feel hurt, I never talked to either of them about it.
  - Because I don't want either of them to worry about me.
4. b
  - Of course, I will. And I'll serve some coffee to my friends.
  - Because I'm not such a greed that I eat it alone.
5. b
  - I ask the friend why he can't afford it and why he wants it,
    I understand the reason and then I would lend money to him.
  - If I lent him money, I will think that the money won't come back and I gave it to him.
  - If the money don't come back, I would have done with him.
6. a
  + I'll remind my friend about it until my friend pay it back.
    - I never forget.
    - If the friend don't pay it back, it's done with him.

#### B. Write the prepositions that are used in the quiz in the expressions below. Then ask and answer the questions with a partner.

1. What do you worry about?
  - I worry about corona virus.
  - Corona virus is out-breaking in Japan,
  - so that all my team members are going to work from home until the 16th of March.
  - I don't want that corona virus spread anymore.
2. Who do you talk to about problems?
  - I talk to my friend about private problems.
  - For example, about trip, life in the future, jobs or something.
  - In case of business problems, I talk to my colleague.
3. Do you ever think of your diet?
  - Yes, I do, however I don't think of diet now.
  - I do care about meals, I try to eat much vegetables and not to take much salt.
  - But dieting makes me feel stress, feeling stress shorten my life.
  - So I will never do dieting.
4. How do you remind yourself about things?
  - I remind myself about things using Google Calendar and Amazon Echo devices.
  - I register my schedule to Google Calendar and make Amazon Echo device refer to the calendar.
  - There are several Amazon Echo devices in my house, so I can always look at my schedule.
5. Can you forget about your problems?
  - No, I can't.
  - I remember my problems until I solve those.
6. Do you buy gifts to your friends?
  - Yes, I do.
  - When I have a trip to somewhere, I buy some souvenirs to my friends.
  - I like buying souvenirs to my friends,
    because I enjoy to imagine my friend's expression when I give it to my friend.
7. Do you use cash to pay for things?
  - Yes, I do.
  - I sometimes use cash because there are many restaurants which receive only cash in Japan.
  - I try to use credit card or digital cash as possible as I can,
    because they are convenience and I can get some points of it.
8. Do you apologize for being late?
  - Yes, I do, of course.
  - Being late is impolite. I should do.
  - Some people don't apologize for being late,
    but they are never late for the meeting that their boss attends.
  - They look down at me, I guess.
9. How do you thank people for gifts?
  - I say thank you and express my pleasure to the person.
  - After that, I'll give some gifts to the person.
10. Did you ask a friend for a favor today?
  - No, I didn't.
  - But when I had a trip to Aomori,
    I ask my friend to tell me about local speciality foods in Aomori.
11. Do you borrow clothes from friends?
  - No, I don't.
  - Because there are different between me and my friend's sense of clothes and size.
12. Do you lend books to friends?
  - When I was a high school student, I did lend books to friends and borrow books from friends.
  - However now I don't lend books to friends. Because I almost use digital books.
  - If you use digital books, you don't have to carry heavy books.
  - You just have a tablet computer.
13. What can't you say no about?
  - I can't say no about my wife's favor.
  - It's not a favor, almost a command.
  - I'm scared to say no.
14. Do you ever share secrets with friends? 
  - Yes, I do.
  - When I was a child, I and my friends made our secret base.
  - We used to store useless things into the base or talk there.

#### C. Complete these questions about imaginary situations. Use the quiz to help you. Then ask and answer the questions in pairs.

1. What would you do if your friend forgot your birthday?
  - I never mind that. It's not important to remember my birthday.
  - It doesn't matter whenever I was born.
2. How would you react if a friend told everyone a secret about you?
  - I'll confirm whether the friend told that without or with evil intent.
  - If my friend told that with evil intent, I would break with my friend.
  - If my friend told that without evil intent,
    I would forgive my friend for telling my secret only just once.

### 2. Speaking naturally: Intonation in long questions


### 3. Grammar: Asking about imaginary situations or events.

#### A. Make questions with *would* using the ideas below. Compare with a partner.

1. a friend is 15 minutes late / call and remind him about it.
  - What would you do if a friend was 15 minutes late? Would you call and remind him about it?
2. you hear a strange noise in the middle of the night / go and see what it was
  - What would you do if you heard a strange noise in the middle of the night?
  - Would you go and see what it was?
3. a salesperson charges you the wrong price for something / say something to her
  - What would you do if a salesperson charged you the wrong price for something?
  - Would you say something to her?
4. you scratch a car with a shopping cart in a parking lot / leave a note with your name and number
  - What would you do if you scratched a car with a shopping cart in a parking lot?
  - Would you leave a note with your name and number?
5. you find a nice pair of gloves on the sidewalk / think about keeping them
  - What would you do if you found a nice pair of gloves on the sidewalk?
  - Would you think about keeping them?
6. you have an extra ticket for a show / offer it to a friend but ask him to pay for it
  - What would you do if you had an extra ticket for a show?
  - Would you offer it to a friend but ask him to pay for it?
7. you get a gift that you hate from a friend / thank her for it and then get rid of it
  - What would you do if you got a gift that you hate from a friend?
  - Would you thank her for it and then get rid of it?
8. your friend asks for help moving into an apartment / find an excuse to get out of helping him
  - What would you do if your friend asked for help moving into an apartment?
  - Would you find an excuse to get out of helping him?
9. your friend is in a bad mood / take him out for a fun night
  - What would you do if your friend was in a bad mood?
  - Would you take him out for a fun night?

#### B. Take turns asking the questions above. Discuss your answers. Do you agree?

1. What would you do if a friend was 15 minutes late? Would you call and remind him about it?
  - Yes, I would.
  - I would text him about it.
2. What would you do if you heard a strange noise in the middle of the night? Would you go and see what it was?
  - No, I wouldn't. I would try to sleep.
  - Because if it was in a horror movie, I could be killed.
3. What would you do if a salesperson charged you the wrong price for something? Would you say something to her?
  - I would apologize her for the wrong price until she forgives me.
4. What would you do if you scratched a car with a shopping cart in a parking lot? Would you leave a note with your name and number?
  - Yes, I would.
  - If my car was scratched with something, I felt bad and was angry about it.
  - So I would leave a message to the driver.
5. What would you do if you found a nice pair of gloves on the sidewalk? Would you think about keeping them?
  - No, I wouldn't. I'm not thief.
  - If I took them, I felt guilty about it.
6. What would you do if you had an extra ticket for a show? Would you offer it to a friend but ask him to pay for it?
7. What would you do if you got a gift that you hate from a friend? Would you thank her for it and then get rid of it?
8. What would you do if your friend asked for help moving into an apartment? Would you find an excuse to get out of helping him?
9. What would you do if your friend was in a bad mood? Would you take him out for a fun night?

