+++
title =  "2020-12-14: English"
date = 2020-12-14T12:00:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 2020/12/14 lesson: Phrasal verbs Unit 14: Out

### Vocabulary

#### lock out

#### spell out

#### bring out

#### sort out
arranged things that were untidy

* I feel good to sort out my room and I can concentrate on my work.

#### clear out
make tidy by removing unwanted things

* Many Japanese usually clear out their home at the end of year.

#### worn out (adjective)
used so much that they had become damaged, from the verb wear out

* I ran around everyday with worn out shoes, when I was a child.

#### run out of
there was none left because it had all been used

* As I ran out of medicines for allergy to pollen, I need to go to see a doctor.

#### leave out
not include something or someone

* Since I left several questions for exam out, I will not be able to pass the exam.

#### cut out
remove by cutting, usually from paper or cloth

* My mother cut some cloth out of my worn out clothes and made a bag.

#### show out
lead a visitor who is leaving to the door of a room or building

* He had urgent business, so I showed him out.

#### see out
go with someone to the door of a room or building when they are leaving

* Since our customers were going to leave, we saw them out.

#### let out
allow a person or animal to leave, usually by opening a locked or closed door

* Since the cat was eager to go out, I let her out opening the door.

#### lock out
prevent someone from entering a building by locking the door

* Although the robber tried to break into my room, I could lock him out somehow.

#### lock yourself out
accidentally prevent yourself from getting into a building by leaving the kyes inside when you shut the door

* I often hear the story that people have locked themselves out of their room naked after drinking too much when they stayed at a hotel.

- - -

## Writing: Part2 (11-13)

11. What is it that your boss lately gave praise to you for?
  - My boss hasn't given praise to me for anything.
  - I don't fit in with him.
  - As he is kind of a "know-it-all", I don't like the character.
  - Because people who are "know-it-all" don't study anything and tend to look down at others who don't know about something.
12. Which amusement park did you go to recently?
  - I didn't go to any amusement parks recently.
  - Because I don't like crowded places. In addition due to this pandemic.
  - I used to go to an amusement park with my family when I was a child.
  - I rode roller coaster and drove a motored cart.
  - I liked it before.
13. What did you think when you first learned English?
  - I thought English was interesting.
  - Because I felt learning English widen my world.
  - For example, if I can use English well, I can communicate with many people all over the world and enjoy a trip all over the world.
  - Therefore, I wanted to learn English. Still now.


- - -

## Phrasal verbs: Part 1

### 015: bring about a change

* Do you think this new policy will work?
* Let's see if it will bring about a change in our society.

- This pandemic brought about a big change in our society.

### 016: bring books back

* When should I return these books?
* Bring them back by next week, or you'll be fined.

- Bring back things I lent you before.

### 017: photographs bring memories back

* Tom, take a look at you in these photos.
* They bring back memories of my childhood.

- Photographs my parents took brings a lot of memories back to me.

### 018: bring her back to life

* How did she survive the drowning accident?
* Quick action by the paramedics brought her back to life.

- The call of us brought our grandfather back to life.

### 019: bring him back to the company

* I wish we could bring Jim back to the company.
* There's nothing we can do now that he quit of his own accord.

- Nobody hopes that somebody bring him back to the company because he wasn't good for anyone.

### 020: bring down the ceiling

* What happened in the house?
* The roof collapsed and it brought down the second-floor ceiling.

- Don't bring down anything from the top, it's dangerous for everyone.

- - -

## Speaking: 7

### Try.1

1. Do you want to get married with her?
  - Do you want to marry her?
  - Yes, I do.
2. Where was your bag stolen?
3. You will be able to dance ~~well~~ **better** soon.
4. You must not go out until you finish your homework.
5. Who is the woman who spoke to Tom?
6. Tom went to bed later than his brother.
7. Has she already read the story?
  - Yes, she has.
8. She didn't know who the man was.
9. She wanted the man to like her.
10. She is one of the most popular singers in this country.

### Try.2

1. She is one of the most popular singers in this country.
2. Has she already read the story?
  - Yes, she has.
3. She didn't know who the man ~~is~~ **was**.
4. Where was your bag stolen?
5. Tom went to bed later than his brother.
6. You will be able to dance better soon.
7. Do you want to marry her?
  - Yes, I do.
8. She wanted ~~him~~ **the man** to like her.
9. Who is the woman who spoke to Tom?
10. You must no go out until you finish your homework.

## Speaking: 8

### Try.1

1. They believed that the subject was very important.
2. The coffee he made tasted bitter.
3. The woman whose wallet was stolen was his aunt.
4. Who asked you to clean the room?
5. A house will be built here next year.
6. Her car is bigger than yours.
7. Does he have to go there every week?
  - No, he doesn't.
8. His wife enjoyed talking with her friends.
9. I had to get up earlier than usual this morning.
10. Does your husband prefer coffee or tea?
  - He prefers coffee.
  - Which does your husband like better, coffee or tea?
  - He likes coffee better.

### Try.2

1. Her car is bigger than yours.
2. I had to get up earlier than usual this morning.
3. The woman whose wallet was stolen was his aunt.
4. Which does your husband like better, coffee or tea?
  - He likes ~~better~~ coffee **better**.
5. His wife enjoyed talking with her friends.
6. The coffee he made tasted bitter.
7. Does he have to go there every week?
  - No, he doesn't.
8. Who asked you to clean the room?
9. A house will be built here next year.
10. They believed the subject was very important.
