+++
title =  "2020-09-20: English"
date = 2020-09-20T17:47:17+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 09/18 lesson

### Home work

I can't read the article unless you allow me to read it. 

1. In Singapore, the word 'no' is considered impolite.
    - Yes, it is.
    - Because they will sometimes say 'yes' to avoid causing offence.
2. In Greece, you should nod your head upwards to say 'yes'
    - No, you shouldn't.
    - Because the Greeks traditionally nod the head upwards to say 'no'.
    - They use a tilt of the head from side to side to mean 'yes'.
3. In Italy, it's a bad idea to turn up late for a meeting.
    - No, it isn't.
    - Because the Italians believe that arriving late shows who is the boss.
4. In the Netherlands, it is a bad idea to turn up late for a meeting.
    - Yes, it is.
    - Because the Dutch frown upon lateness.
5. In Japan, the business card is very important and should be treated with respect.
    - Yes, it is.
    - I don't know why, but they always treat it with respect.
6. In Russia, you should not argue during business deals.
    - No, you should not.
    - Because, they admire you more if you stick to your guns.
7. In Turkey, you should not insist on sharing the restaurant bill with your host.
    - No, you should not.
    - Because the best policy is to thank your host and return the compliment at the first opportunity.
8. In Mexico, you should be careful about proposing dinner arrangements with your client.
    - Yes, you should.
    - Because Mexican may think that is a sign of a romantic interest.

### Vocabulary

* punctual
    - arriving, happening, or being done at exactly the time that has been arranged
* deliberately
    - done in a way that is intended or planned
* turn up
    - to arrive at a place, especially in a way that is unexpected
* frown
    - to make an angry, unhappy, or confused expression, moving your eyebrows together
* theatrical
    - relating to the performing of plays
    - behaving in a loud or very noticeable way that is intended to get people's attention
* tantrum
    - a sudden short period when someone, especially a child, behaves very angrily and unreasonably 
* thump
    - informal to hit someone very hard with your hand closed
* supper
    - the meal that you have in the early evening.
