+++
title =  "2020-08-04: News"
date = 2020-08-04T18:30:18+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://miro.medium.com/max/700/1*5ck-sga4qYNYT_VYU7pEKw.jpeg"
description = "Karen & Kyle"
+++

I didn't know about "Karen" until I read the article.
The article below taught me about "Karen".

* [As a Woman Named Karen, I Demand the Use of My Name as a Derogatory Meme be Stopped Immediately](https://medium.com/the-haven/as-a-woman-named-karen-i-demand-the-use-of-my-name-as-a-derogatory-meme-be-stopped-immediately-a04f7ec90d16)
* [We Need a Name for Karen’s Husband](https://medium.com/the-haven/we-need-a-name-for-karens-husband-ca7d7e7bd8d)

The author'name is "Karen".
Now, she is embarrassed to be called Karen.
And she is pissed off that someone give a name of "Karen" to a white woman
who thinks the white race is superior to others.
In another article, the author said that we should give name to a white men who does as same as Karen.
He suggests we call him Kyle.

In short, Karen wields her weakness violently as power.
Moreover, she believes that she is superior to people of color.
And her husband Kyle is standing by her to help her discriminate people of color.

Actually, I can't understand precisely about Black Lives Matters and I don't know well about black discrimination. 
Generally, in my opinion, racists don't have confidence in themselves and they feel inferior to others .
So, they want to proud of themselves and want to believe that they are worth, but without efforts.
What we can do is just to give punishment to them.

And also we should remember the last world war.
In the last world war, what we've learned is that discrimination kills lots of people,
it's might be your friends, your family, and yourself.
In the Auschwitz, about 1 million people was killed by discrimination.
We should learn history again and again.

By the way, in August 6th, an atomic bomb was exploded in the air of Hiroshima, Japan.
About 100,000 people was killed by the bomb immediately,
and 50,000 people was killed slowly due to cancer, leukemia, and so on.

Now, I'm scared of war, China vs America at South China Sea.
If the war starts, Japan will take part in it with America absolutely.
It's horrible and terrible.
