+++
title =  "2020-08-22: English"
date = 2020-08-22T11:22:45+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

# 1~4. Training-1~4

## Writing

* My wife wants to go on a trip to Kyoto.
* Does he know where to go?
    - Yes, he does.
* I went to the library yesterday.
* They all know the truth.
* Who cooked this?
    - I did.
* Ellen may be angry.
* How long have you lived in this country?
* Do I have to read this book?
    - Yes, you do.
* Would you pass me the salt, please?
    - Sure.
* They began to sing then.
* Didn't you study last week?
    - Yes, I did.
* Is she your sister?
    - No, she isn't.
* Jump as high as possible.
* Are most junior high school students taught English in Japan?
    - Yes, they are.
* I don't know why he studies German.
* Does he work here?
    - No, he doesn't.
* Is your son tall?
    - Yes, he is.
* Would you show us the picture, please?
* Didn't you come here yesterday?
    - No, I didn't.
* Does you sister often go there?
    - Yes, she does.
* They heard her cry.
* Wasn't he in his room?
    - No, he wasn't.
* How tall those boys are!
* He got angry at last.
* I made him read the book.
* He ~~haven't~~ **hasn't** eaten lunch yet.
* Is your father a doctor?
    - Yes, he is.
* He went to the park to see her.
* My mother likes singing.
* The teacher likes students who study hard.
* How many cups of coffee do you drink a day?
* Bob may still be sleeping.
* She believed that he was rich.
* Study harder, or you will fail in the examination.
* Studying foreign languages is interesting.
* Does your dog eat fish?
* Tom is the smartest in the class.
* It must be snowing in New York.
* Doesn't he speak Japanese?
    - No, he doesn't.
* How bright the start is!


# Review self-introduction

## When I meet a new colleague at the office for the first time.

Good morning.
How are you doing?
(I'm fine. How about you?)
I'm glad to hear that, I'm doing good, too.

Are you here for the first time?
(Yes, I am.)
I'd like to introduce myself.
I'm Naoki Morita.
I work as a software engineer.
I'm responsible for developing software about privacy filtering using deep learning.
The privacy filtering means recognizing human faces and vehicle registration plates, and mosaic them.
I have charge of it, however, I've never developed software using deep learning, so I'm struggling with it.
How about you? What have you done?

Nice to meet you, too, Ms/Mr.XXX.

## When my friend introduce me her friend

Good afternoon.
How are you doing?
(Fine, how about you?)
Good, good. I'm fine, too.
Let me introduce myself.
I'm Naoki Morita.
I'm her friend when she came to Japan a few years ago.
My wife has been her friend since she lived in England.
I saw you some times on her Facebook.
How about you?

Nice to meet you, Ben.

## When I meet a new teacher of MeRISE online

Good afternoon, Ms/Mr. XXX.
How are you.
(Fine, how are you doing?)
Good, good. I'm doing good, too.

Anyway, I'd like to introduce myself.
I'm Naoki Morita.
I work for Panasonic Corporation as a software engineer.
I'm responsible for developing software about automotive network.
I began to learn English at MeRISe one and a half years ago.
Because I went on a trip to UK, Canada and USA, it was a wonderful trip,
however, I feel I could have enjoy it more if I could speak English well.
My goals for learning English have three.
Firstly, I want to enjoy trip to foreign countries, I can't go anywhere now due to pandemic, though.
Secondly, I want to work for international company using English, or work abroad.
Lastly, I need to catch up with new technology so that I need to read technical documents and books,
and to attend to conferences or have online class.
I'd like to enjoy English class to improve my English.

How about you?

Nice to meet you, Ms/Mr. XXX.

