+++
title =  "2020-11-29: English"
date = 2020-11-29T23:07:26+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Writing: Part2 Second round (1, 2, 3)

1. Talk about your best memory of traveling. 
    - My best memory of traveling was my honeymoon.
    - My wife and I went to England, Scotland, Canada and America for about a month.
    - We had much delicious food and enjoyed a lot of beautiful scenery.
    - Finally I introduced my wife to my brother who lives with his family in America.
    - It was a very good memory of traveling.
2. Talk about the time you met your best friend
    - When I met my best friend, he and I were belonging to an Internet Security company.
    - At first we didn't know each other, but I moved to his department six months after I entered the company.
    - He was so talkative and assertive, sometimes aggressive.
    - In addition, he was eager to learn about English and technical things.
    - I respected him about that. We became friends soon.
3. When did you complain about something on the phone?
    - Five years ago, I complained about the phone contract on the phone.
    - Because even though I didn't apply any additional services, 
        the phone company applied some extra services into my account without informing me.
    - It was like fraud.
    - Therefore, I complained about it and terminated the contract.

- - -

## Speaking: 62-66

!. He taught them how to use the machine.
2. They saw the old man fall down.
3. Tomorrow It will be as cold as today.
4. He went to the bookstore to buy a magazine.
5. We lived in ~~the~~ **a** house which stood near the river.
6. The day when he goes to the town is Tuesday.
7. What did your father say?
8. They didn't leave until he arrived.
9. This is the funniest joke I've ever heard.
10. The young man who broke the statue was punished.

1. Write to her as soon as possible.
2. Why did she feel happy then?
3. She was so beautiful that many men proposed **to** her.
4. Does you father often go fishing?
    - Yes, he does.
5. I ~~'m going to~~ **will** study until I pass the exam.
6. She has a friend whose father is a pilot.
7. Have you ever drunk this wine?
    -  No, I haven't.
8. What do you want to eat for dinner?
9. Is this red dress more expensive than that green one?
10. I'm as hungry as you.

1. Mary will be as beautiful as her mother.
2. I've never driven my brother's car.
3. Was he with Paul last night?
    - No, he wasn't.
4. He has a friend whose grandfather was a famous politician.
5. It has been raining since yesterday.
6. When are they going to leave Japan?
7. Did Nancy arrive earlier than Bob?
    - Yes, she did.
8. Let's visit him before it gets dark.
9. I think he had a good dream last night.
10. I hope he will win the game.

1. Did he have to run to catch the bus?
    - Yes, he did.
2. Would you have another cup of coffee?
    - Yes, please.
3. Why do we have to take care of this dog?
4. I'm going to ask her to do this work.
5. After he called his wife, he went for a drink with his friends.
6. My son doesn't like studying math.
7. Is the language spoken in that country French or German?
8. Let's clean this room before they come.
9. The boy grew up to be a great writer.
10. That is the boy whose mother ~~taught~~ **teaches** science at school.

1. Her son is studying to become a doctor.
2. While he was reading the newspaper, she cooked breakfast.
3. When was the car stolen?
4. The teacher spoke so fast that the students couldn't understand him.
5. I told him not to make the same mistake.
6. I think she will pass the exam next year.
7. She cut the cloth carefully with scissors.
8. Did you meet all those people?
    - Yes, I did.
9. They didn't know how the man got into the room.
10. This is ~~the~~ **a** house which was built a hundred years ago.


