+++
title =  "2020-10-06: English"
date = 2020-10-06T09:32:20+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 10/06 lesson

### Vocabulary

* persuade - convince
* student grant - student loan

### Vocabulary and examples using the vocabulary

#### get dressed
to put your clothes on

* I'm bored to think which clothes I should get dressed, so I put on my shirt which I touch first.
* It took much time for my mother to get dressed.
* As I woke up late, I got dressed and left home as fast as I could.

#### get along
if two or more people get along, they have a friendly relationship

* I try to stay in touch with friends I want to get along with,
* To get along with marriage, you don't expect that your partner do what you want your partner to do without asking.
* To get along with colleagues, you should respect each other.

#### get well
1. to become health again
    - I wish she will get well soon.
    - My father-in-law is in hospital, I hope he will get well back soon.
2. recover from illness
    - Recently I feel it takes more time to get well than before.
    - My mother got well, she had cancer 4 years ago though.

#### get on = like somebody / progress / continue doing something / be successfull
1. if people get on, they like each other and have a friendly relationship with each other
    - You don't have to get on well with all your colleagues.
2. to deal with a job or situation or to make progress
    - If you want to get on your work, you should persuade your boss to help you.
    - You may sometimes feel you don't know how you'll get on without your best friend, however you'll do well enough.
3. to continue doing something
    - To get on with my work, I need a silent environment.
4. to be successful in your job
    - I want to get on, so I need a new Apple's headphone with noise cancelling.
    - I can't get on with my work without music.

#### get by
to manage to deal with a difficult situation, using whatever money, equipment etc you have

* You can get by with the nose cancelling headphone even if it's noisy.
* You can get by provided that you're calmed down.
* I should be able to get by this tough situation. Because I did all what I could.

#### get around (something)
to find a way of dealing with a problem, especially by avoiding it altogether

* Or, you can get around the noise using the BOSE's noise cancelling headphone.
* Find an idea getting around the problem.

#### get at something/somebody, be getting at something
to be trying to say something in a way that is difficult for other people to understand

* Do you see the point I'm getting at?
* I often can't get the point of what he is getting at.
* I know what he is getting at, but it's a bad idea.

#### get behind
if you get behind with a job, payments, rent etc, you do not do or pay as much of it as you should have by a particular time

* If you get behind with your work, don't worry about that, I'll help you.
* When I get behind with my work, I ask someone to help me.

#### get together
if people get together, they meet in order to spend time with each other

* My relatives and I use to get together for lunch on New Year's holiday.
- - -

## Speaking: 4-30

### Try.1

1. They are going to stay at the hotel next week.
2. Who opened the door?
3. The boy was pale.
4. I have many things to learn.
5. He's always with Tom.
6. I wonder **what flower that is**.
7. That is the restaurant which ~~is~~ opened last month.
8. Has the boy ~~already~~ become as tall as his father **yet**?
    - Yes, he has.
9. How old ~~is~~ **was** he when he wrote that poem?
10. Don't call her after ten o'clock

### Try.2

1. I have a lot of things to learn.
2. That is the restaurant which opened last month.
3. Who opened the door?
4. I wonder what flower that is.
5. The boy was pale.
6. How old ~~he was~~ **was he** when he wrote that poem?
7. Don't call her after ten o'clock.
8. He is always with Tom.
9. Has the boy become as tall as his father yet?
    - Yes, he has.
10. They're going to stay at the hotel next week.

## Listening: Unit 05

### Mode.1

1. She introduces six seasoning for Indian curry: salt, pepper, curry powder, mixed onions spices, vinegar, and lemon juice.
2. You should start cooking with onion.
3. "Cook for two whistles" means that cooking sauce and bread.

### Mode.2

1. She introduces six seasoning for Indian curry: salt, pepper, curry powder, a mix of Indian spices, vinegar, and lemon juice.
2. You should start with onion cut into very small pieces.
    - You should cook the onion with some butter on a frying pan at a very low temperature.
3. "Cook for two whistles" means that cook curry and bread.

### Mode.3

1. She introduces six seasoning for Indian curry: salt, pepper, curry powder, a mix of Indian spices, vinegar, or lemon juice.
2. You should start with onion cut into very small pieces.
    - You should cook the onion with some butter on a frying pan at a very low temperature.
3. "Cook for two whistles" means boiling sauce until it sticks.

### Answer

1. There are many different ways to season a curry, too, such as salt, pepper, curry powder, a mix of Indian spices or a touch of vinegar or lemon juice.
2. The secret to making a truly delicious Indian curry is to start with an onion cut into very small pieces.
3. What this really means is to cook until the sauce gets thick.

## Writing Part2 (38,39,40)

38. Do you send New Year's cards?
    - No, I don't sent New Year's cards recently.
    - Because it's boring.
    - When I was a child, I sent it to my friends every year.
    - However, it wastes ~~my~~ **of** time, I feel.
    - Because I can do New Year's greetings via Facebook.
39. What kind of music do you like?
    - I like rock music.
    - I used to play the electric guitar in a rock band with my friends, when I was in a high school.
    - I don't play the guitar any more, but I still like rock music.
    - I often went to rock festival in summer, I can't now because of the pandemic, though.
40. Do you cook?
    - Yes, I rarely cook.
    - I cook Takoyaki or Okonomiyaki etc only something **easy** to cook ~~easily~~, though.
    - I like cooking because I feel ~~what I cook is tasty than restaurant~~ **what I cook tastes better than restaurants**.
    - However, my wife likes cooking and is good at cooking, so she always cooks for me.

## Today

Not much today.
I couldn't sleep well last night.
So, I'm little sleepy
I worked from home today as usual.
However, I took a short nap.
I feel a little better now.
