+++
title =  "2020-11-30: English"
date = 2020-11-30T09:43:17+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## News: Thousands of Argentinians say goodbye to Maradona 29th November, 2020

Thousands of football fans paid their final respects to football legend Diego Maradona on Thursday. Huge crowds lined the streets of the capital Buenos Aires to catch a glimpse of the car carrying his body. The car was draped in the Argentina flag and a football shirt bearing his trademark number 10.  Thousands more silently walked past his coffin as it was put on public display at the Presidential Palace.  They were weeping, blowing kisses to their hero and praying. Maradona passed away on Wednesday, aged 60. He died of a heart attack.  Argentina's government declared three days of national mourning for him. One fan said: "Maradona represents Argentinianess. He transcended football.  He has my respect. I had to be here."

Diego Armando Maradona is widely regarded as one of the greatest players ever to step onto a football pitch. Many consider him to be the best. He captained his national team when Argentina won the 1986 World Cup. He scored the famous "Hand of God" goal against England in the quarter-finals.  In that same game, he scored another goal that was voted as the greatest goal of the twentieth century. Maradona played for Barcelona in Spain and Napoli in Italy. Current Barcelona captain Lionel Messi said: "Maradona will never leave us because Diego is eternal." Brazilian legend Pele, a constant rival to Maradona for the world's greatest ever player accolade, said he hoped to one day, "play together in the sky" with Maradona.

### Vocabulary

#### glimpse
a quick look at someone or something that does not allow you to see them clearly

#### drape
to cover or decorate something with a cloth

#### bear
to have or show a sign, mark, or particular, especially when this shows that something has happned or is true

#### weep
to cry, especially because you feel very sad

#### mourning
great sadness because someone has died

#### transcend
to beyond the usual limits of something

#### eternal
continuing for ever and having no end

#### accolade
praise for someone who is grealy admired, or a prize given to them for their work

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - I am sorry about that.
* b) What do you think of football?
    - I love it.
* c) Who is the greatest sportswoman ever?
    - I think Ms. Monica seles is one of the greatest sportswoman.
* d) What do you know about Maradona's goals?
    - I know his goals at the quarter-finals in 1986.
* e) What three adjectives best describe this story?
    - great, sorry, peaceful
* f) What advice do you have for children who want to play like Maradona?
    - I have no idea.
* g) Should Argentina rename its national stadium to Maradona Stadium?
    - Yes, they should.
* h) What questions would you like to ask an expert on Maradona?
    - I would ask the expert what is his play you like the best.

- - -

## Listening: 3-25

### Mode.1

1. She is satisfied with the most of them.
2. He asks her to put on some additional trucks to the supplier in the location of Philadelphia more often.
3. He'd like to have a formal written report.

### Mode.2

1. She is satisfied with the most of them.
2. He asks her to put on some additional trucks to the supplier the Philadelphia location more often.
3. He'd like to have all this information as a formal written report.

### Mode.3

1. She is satisfied with the most of them.
2. He asks her to put on some additional trucks to the supplier of the Philadelphia location more often.
3. He'd like to have all of this information in a formal written report.

### English

1. She checked with the firms they ship their products to and they seem to be satisfying most of them.
2. They could put on some additional trucks to supply the Philadelphia location more often.
3. He'd like to have all of this information in the form of a written report.

### Answer

1. They seem to be satisfying most of the individual firms they ship their products.
2. They could put on some additional trucks to supply the Philadelphia locations more often.
3. To have all of the information in the form of a written report.

- - -

## Speaking: 67

### Try.1

1. He isn't good at telling ~~a joke~~ **jokes**.
2. The girl whose father is a writer likes reading.
3. Although ~~he~~ **the man** is old, he is stronger than you.
4. What did he put on the ~~desk~~ **table**?
5. She speaks English ~~best of us~~ **better than any of us**.
6. The boy was very ~~introverted~~ **shy**.
7. Do you remember **the night** when we went to that party?
8. It's ~~danger~~ **dangerous** for women to walk **in** this area alone.
9. They don't look busy.
10. Since she felt ~~bad~~ **sick**, she didn't ~~went~~ **go** out.

### Try.2

1. She speaks English better than any of us.
2. Do you remember that night when we went to that party?
3. Since she felt sick, she didn't go out.
4. It's dangerous for women to walk alone in this area.
5. What did he put on the table?
6. He isn't good at telling jokes.
7. The girl whose father is a writer likes reading.
8. The boy was very shy.
9. They don't look busy.
10. Although the man is old, he is stronger than you.

