+++
title =  "2020-04-13: Touchstone-3 Unit-9 Lesson.C"
date = 2020-04-12T18:00:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-9: Tech savvy?
## Lesson.C: On the other hand, ...

### 1. Conversation strategy: Giving different opinions

#### A. What kinds of online games do people play? Do you or your friends play them?

People play a role-playing game, shooting game, fighting game, football game, or something.
I don't play online games now, but I had played online games for a while.
It was a first-person shooter and I was killed so many times,
because other players was too strong for me.
Since then, I haven't played online games.

#### B. Listen. What does Hugo think about playing games online? What about Greg?

**Summarization**

Hugo had get tired of playing the game,
on the other hand, Greg has fun playing it.
Hugo was playing it by myself,
on the other hand, Greg is playing with two other guys.
Greg is trying to tell Greg a fun of playing with other guys.
However, Hugo can't understand to be able to enjoy playing with guys who aren't friends.

#### C. Notice (making sentences)

I agree with Greg.
However, I know what Hugo mean, but Hugo holds on to face-to-face.
I don't know if a guy who I've met face-to-face before speaks his mind or not.
I mean that I don't know if the guys is a true friend or not.
Moreover, I'm not sure that my friends has the same hobby as mine.
In my opinion, real friends, pen pals, digital friends on Internet, or something,
it doesn't matter.
It's important to enjoy yourself.
Even if you play with unknown guys, even if you don't know people who play with you.

#### D. Respond to each comment by giving a different opinion, and continue the conversations.

##### 1. Playing online games

* A. Playing all those online games is a waste of time.
* B. Maybe. On the other hand, but it's worth to get rid of daily stress.
    - I know it can't produce any values.
    - It can't improve your skill which make your real life better.

##### 2. Social networking
* A. I spend hours on my social networking site. It's a great way to keep in touch with people.
* B. I don't know. Don't you think you want to make some new friends?
  - I'm sure that it's good to keep in touch with people,
    but you shouldn't spend many hours on your social networking site.

##### 3. Phone calling

* A. I never call anyone anymore; I just text. Then you don't have to make all that small talk!
* B. That's true. Small talk makes for good relationships, though.
  - I don't know. Don't you think you want to be more friendly with someone through phone call.
  - I know what you mean, but you can know the guys more through small talk.
  - It's a good chance to be more friendly with the guy.
  - Text is good way to deliver your opinions clearly or to ask something what you want to do,
    on the other hand, it's difficult to show your human kindness.

##### 4. 

* A. I hardly ever turn my cell phone off - even at night. I hate missing calls.
* B. I know what you mean, but you don't have to catch every calls during sleep.
  - Not every phone call is important.
  - You might not sleep well unless you turn your cell phone off at night.
