+++
title =  "2020-05-29: Review"
date = 2020-05-29T22:00:00+09:00
tags = ["review"]
+++

I studied about favors at work.
I summarized conversations between people and their boss.
And I practiced role play, a person and his boss or colleagues.

However, I couldn't summarize conversations well.
My teacher told me that I should care about 4W1H: 'what', 'where', 'when', 'who' and 'how'.
In addition, she mentioned PREP, PREP means Point, Reason, Example/Explanation, Point.

I should read this below later.
* [The PREP Framework](https://www.kennethmd.com/the-prep-framework-an-easy-way-to-give-excellent-impromptu-speeches/)
  - Point: State your case. Start by starting your main point or claim. In a short speech, it's best to focus on just one point so that you don't lose your audience. In a long speech, use a series of PREPs to make different points and support them.
  - Reasons: Give reasons to explain why your point is true. Support or back up your case with evidence from research, facts, data, statistics, or the scriptures. This adds credibility to you case.
  - Examples(s): Give one or more examples/illustrations to support your main point(case) and the reasons given above. This is a good place to tell a powerful pertinent story. Testimonies may also be used here.
  - Point: Conclude by showing how your position is right(both scientifically, biblically, practically, etc.) in spite of the arguments against it and restarting your argument. This helps your audience to remember it.

PREP framework is an easy and effective way to give a short impromptu speech,
because it reduces the stress involved with public speaking, especially at short notice.

I leaned new vocabularies below.
* for reimbursement
* for refund
* business trip expenses
* signature

## Vocabularies
* pertinent: adj
  - directly relating to something that is being considered
* biblical: adj
  - relating to or written in the Bible
* minister: verb
  - to work as a priest
