+++
title =  "2020-06-22: Touchstone-3 Unit-11 Lesson.C"
date = 2020-06-22T12:00:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life"]
+++

# Unit-11: Impressions

## Lesson.C: That must be fun.

### 1. Conversation strategy: Showing you understand

#### A. What impressions do you get about Hal and Debra from the picture?

Debra is interested in the saxophone.
And Hal must be feeling exciting.

#### B. Listen. Why hasn't Hal made much progress with his saxophone?

Because he must be busy with his job in the morning and
he must be tired after work.

**summary**

Debra found Hal's saxophone in his office and she was interested in it.
Hal has been playing it for a couple of years. But he hasn't practiced it well,
because he has been busy with his current job and got tired after work.
To keep him motivated to practice, he joined a band recently.
Debra wants to hear his play.

#### D. Think of two responses to each sentence. Use 'That must be' and 'You must be' and adjective from the box.

1. My computer keeps crashing
    - That must be annoying. You must be frustrated.
2. I've been taking archery lessons for two years now. 
    - That must be interesting. You must be a good archery player now.
3. I just got a scholarship to a master's program in business.
    - That must be good. You must be happy.
4. I got up at 5:00 this morning to finish some work.
    - That must be irritating. You must be frustrated.
5. I'm taking an ethics class. It's tough, but I'm going to finish it.
    - That must be difficult. You must be tired.
6. I'm going skydiving next week.
    - That must be exciting. You must be excited.
7. I've finished all my work, so I'm leaving early today.
    - That must be nice. You must be pleased.
8. I'm reading a long report about data security.
    - That must be boring. You must be bored.

#### E. Write five true sentences like the ons above.

* I bought a yoga ball for exercise.
    - It makes me motivated to exercise.
    - In addition, it's tough to exercise if you were do it seriously.
* I'm learning about machine Learning and data science on the massive open online courses.
    - It's intersting, but it's difficult.
    - It's one of programming method using data without coding.
    - However creating data for feeding the machine learning engine is difficult.
* I'm feeling asleep because I couldn't get sleep well.
    - A lack of sleeping is annoying.
    - I'm frustrated when I can't focus on my work due to it.
* I've cleaned a bathroom yesterday, because it's starting to get moldy.
    - It's boring before I start to clean, however, once I start to clean, it's nice. 
* It's rainy season her now. It's really wet out.
    - In a rainy season, I'm nervous about mold.
    - Mold is scary, becasue mold makes food poisoning. 

### 2. Strategy plus: You see and I see

T.B.D.
