+++
title =  "2020-12-20: English"
date = 2020-12-20T11:20:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## TOEIC Reading Section Samples

### Part.5

13. B
14. B

### Part.6

15. B
16. C
17. D
18. A

### Part.7

19. A
20. D

21. A
22. B
23. C
24. C

25. C
26. B
27. ~~A~~ **D**
28. ~~B~~ **D**
29. C


- - -

## Speaking 15

### Try.1

1. He is ~~the~~ **an** actor everyone knows.
2. As it is very fine today, I don't want to stay at home.
  - Today is so fine that I don't want to stay at home
  - It is so fine today that I don't want to stay at home.
3. Is there anything to eat at home?
4. I have never met her.
5. Is her mother beautiful?
  - Yes, she is.
6. When he saw Mt.Fuji, the ~~boy~~ **child** began to cry.
7. When do leaves ~~change to~~ **turn** yellow?
8. My father is reading the newspaper now.
9. It will be difficult to see the man.
10. She wants to see him as often as possible.

### Try.2

1. He is an actor everyone knows.
2. It will be difficult to meet the man.
3. My father is reading the newspaper now.
4. When he saw Mt.Fuji, the child began to cry.
5. I have never met her.
6. ~~Are~~ **Is** there anything to eat at home?
7. She wants to see him as often as possible.
8. It is so sunny today that I don't want to stay at home.
9. When do leaves turn yellow?
10. Is her mother beautiful?
  - Yes, she is.

## Speaking 16

### Try.1

1. She wanted her husband to ~~told~~ **tell** her that he loved her.
2. Can the bird swim?
3. Who told you the story?
4. My wife has been to Spain many times.
5. Has your son **already** decided to study at that school?
  - Yes, he has.
6. The girl I teach math is very smart.
7. Does she know where the writer was born?
8. Are there any flowers on the table?
9. The boy has to get up at four **o'clock** every morning.
10. She likes ~~to~~ speaking French.

### Try.2

1. The girl I teach math is very smart.
2. She likes speaking French.
3. Who told you the story?
4. Does she know where the writer was born?
5. Are there any flowers on the table?
6. Has your son already decided to study at that school?
  - Yes, he has.
7. The boy has to get up at four o'clock every morning.
8. Can the bird swim?
9. My wife has been to Spain many times.
10. She wanted her husband to tell her he loved her.
