+++
title =  "2020-02-17: Touchstone-3 Unit-7 Lesson.D"
date = 2020-02-17T12:30:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-7: Relationships
## Lesson.D: New friends, old friends

### 3. Writing: Your circle of friends

#### A. Think about three of your friends. Tell a partner about them. Discuss the questions below.

* What is your friend like?
* How did you meet?
* Why did you become friends?
* What do you have in common?
* What do you do together?

#### B. Read the article below and the Help note. Then write an article like the one page 66 about your circle of friends. Use both and neither to show what you have in common. Include photos if you can.

##### My circle of friends

**My best friend from the previous company that I entered as a new employee.**

Kyohei is a friend I met at the previous company.
I entered as a new employee into the company,
on the other hand, he joined the company mid-way.
At first, we don't know each other, because we were assigned to different departments.

Six months after I joined the company,
we were assigned to the same department and the same team.
Our work was operating network, firewalls, and something.
We monitored them, sometimes overnight.

We're both interested in movies, comics and rock music. 
So we often talked a lot overnight, when I didn't have a problem about network.
We had a good time together in the team.

He's confident in himself, extremely extroverted,
really active and assertive, sometimes aggressive.
I like the kind of guy and respect, because I don't have those features.
However, neither of us likes the person
who is all talk and no action, and rude and arrogant.
Both of us hate kind of such guys.

One day, when we rode a train after drinking,
a drunken guy tried to pick a fight with my friend.
He said to my friend that he didn't feel bad about my friend's face,
my friend had bad taste in clothes, or something like that, for about five minutes.
My friend controlled his anger for enough time, and the disgusting guy was enough rude to be kicked.
So my friend kicked his face and we ran away.
Someone should punish such a disgusting guy like him,
at that time, my friend played the role accidentally.
It was a bad experience, but also good memory now.

**My best friend of drinking.**

Mikoto is a friend I met at a bar in Fukuoka.
My wife had run the bar for three years.
Both of us are customers of the bar.
One day, my wife held a party of seeing the cherry blossoms at a park near the bar,
and we attended the party and knew each other.

She was born on a remote island in Nagasaki Prefecture.
You can go there by ferry or airplane.
She used to swim the sea and catch fishes, when she was a child.
I also used to swim and catch fishes in the river, when I was a child.
We both used to be a fisherman using a harpoon.
We enjoyed talking about our country side.

She's not talkative, neither of us is talkative.
Furthermore she's a good listener,
and she's very serious and calm, but sometimes funny.
She doesn't often tell a joke, however, when she's drunken,
she tells a lots of stupid jokes with full of confidence.
