+++
title =  "2020-04-06: Touchstone-3 Unit-9 Lesson.A"
date = 2020-04-06T15:12:33+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-9: Tech savvy?

## Lesson.A: Tech support

### 2. Grammar: Questions within sentences

#### A. Rewrite these sentences. Start with the expressions given.

1. Are there any useful new app for students? Do you know ...
  - Do you know if there are any useful new apps for students?
2. Whare are the most popular sites for streaming movies? I wonder ...
  - I wonder what the most popular sites are for streaming movies?
3. Which song did you last download? Can you remember ...
  - Can you remember which song you last downloaded?
  - I remember which song I last downloaded, it was a song of the 1975.
4. Where can I get some cool accessories for a tablet? Do you know ...
  - Do you know where I can get some cool accessories for a tablet?
  - I have no idea where you can get that, however you might can get some on Amazon.
5. What's the most popular smartphone? Do you know ...
  - Do you know what the most popular smartphone is?
  - It's iPhone. I have iPhone X.
  - It's easy to use, I can use it intuitively.
  - I bought iPhone 3GS about ten years ago, and I have used iPhone since then.
6. How do you design your own website? Do you have any idea ...
  - Do you have any idea how you design your own website?
  - I don't have any idea how I design my own website,
    because I don't have much knowredge about website.
  - However, I would not use my own web server, it's tough to maintain my own web server.
  - If I want to deliver my opinions, articles or pictures, I would use a blog service.
  - It's no need to maintain any servers, you can focus on just writing your articles.
7. Will the price of tablets come down? I wonder ...
  - I wonder if the price of tablets will come down?
  - I'm sure that the price of tables is coming down.
  - The reason is why many people buy it, using it and replacing it.
8. What new technology is coming out? Do you have any idea?
  - Do you have any idea what new technology is coming out?
  - I think that a space elevator is coming out.
  - You can go outer space by using elevator, no need rocket.

### 3. Speaking and listening: What do you know about the Internet?

W: I have a computer technology assignment,
and I have absolutely no idea what's the answers to these questions are.
I mean, do you know when the public first used the World Wide Web?

M Am, no. But I have my computer here. We can check it out.

W: Oh, OK. Do you mind?

M: Sure. Let me turn it on. OK?
So, what was the first question?

W: Am, do you know when the public first used the World Wide Web?

M: OK, it looks like, Am, Oh. 1991. August 6th 1991.
That was people first used Internet.
It actually started back in the 1960s though. OK?
So, what's your next question?

W: Can you find out what the first webcam filmed?

M: Let's see.
Oh, it was filmed a coffee pot at university of Cambridge.
So, people could see computers when the coffee pot was filled.

W: Really? That's how rareous???.
All right, next.
Do you know what the most popular online activities are?
One has to be shopping, right?

M: Well, that's banking, maybe.
Ha, interesting.
It says online banking, then shopping, and then searching for job.
It says 60 percents of people, and 24 countries used the Internet for online banking.

W: What at least I got one kind of, right?

M: OK. What's else?

W: Can you guess how many new blogs people add to the Internet each day?

M: Oh, that's going to be a lot. 50,000?
No, more than 175,000.

W: Wow.

M: Many of them are personal blogs, and news blogs and etc.
OK. Next one.

W: Do you know what the first email spam advertised?

M: Am, I bet it was jeans.
Oh, wait.
Well.

W: I guess the vacations.

M: No, it advertised a computer.
Though it says now mainly medications.

W: OK, final questions.
Do you know what the three most common languages on the Internet are?
I'm guessing English for sure, and um...

M: English, Chinese, and Spanish. OK.
English represents more than 43 percent of the Internet.

W: Perfect! Thanks.

M: No problem.
It's easy when you could look everything up online.

W: Yeah, but wait. Shoot.
It says here that I have to look the information up again from another source.
Oh, no.
I have to do it all again.

1. Do you know when the public first used the World Wide Web?
  - August 6th 1991.
2. Can you find out what the first webcam filmed?
  - It was a coffee pot
3. Do you know what the most popular online activities are?
  - It's online banking.
4. Can you guess how many new blogs people add to the Internet each day?
  - More than 175,000.
5. Do you know what the first email spam advertised?
  - It advertised a computer.
6. Do you know what the three most common languages on the Internet are?
  - English.


