+++
title =  "2020-11-17: English"
date = 2020-11-17T10:59:50+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

- - -
## Writing: Part2 (76, 77, 78)

76. Explain about the time why you couldn’t express your opinion well.
    - I can't always express my opinion well in English classes.
    - Because I can't still speak English well.
    - For instance, I fail to express what I felt or why I did that something like that.
    - That is, it's usual not to express my opinion well.
77. Would you wait in a long line to buy or eat something?
    - No, I wouldn't.
    - Because I don't like waiting for something in a line.
    - For instance, I don't wait in a line to eat ramen or to buy a ticket.
    - However, I'm sometimes in a line for eating special local food when I go on a trip.
    - Because I go on a trip to eat it.
78. Advise a new employee assigned to your section what he can do before joining the company.
    - Don't quit for preparation of changing a job.
    - If you can change your job freely, you can work with a lot of fun.
    - Many employees are not satisfied with their job, it's because they can't change their job.
    - It's important for us to work with fun, and for that you need enough skill to change your job easily.

- - -

## Today

I'm doing good.
I worked from home today as usual.
I'm going to organize my room, so I bought a rack and a shelf on Amazon.
Because I want to make my room a better place to work.
As I work from home since this March, I have been making my room a better environment little by little.
I bought a laptop computer and built my computer for work.
In addition, I bought a tablet computer and a display.
I'm going to buy a desk next time.

- - -

## Speaking: 4-58

### Try.1

1. Was Bob jogging at that time?
    - Yes, he was.
2. She read the novel last month.
3. They heard ~~of someone's scream~~ **someone cry**.
4. He jogs every day to ~~reduce the~~ **lose** weight.
5. Is it necessary for them to run every day?
6. What does Tom have ~~with~~ **in** his hand?
7. She got married with ~~the~~ **a** man whose father ~~runs~~ **ran** a big hotel.
    - She married a man whose father ran a big hotel.
8. Is the girl his cousin?
    - No, she isn't.
9. How did they go there?
10. When I was a student, I studied hard.

### Try.2

1. Is that girl his cousin?
    - No, she isn't.
2. What does Tom have in his hand?
3. She married a man whose father ran a big hotel.
4. How did they go there?
5. Is it necessary for them to run every day?
6. When I was a student, I studied hard.
7. Was Bob jogging at that time?
    - Yes, he was.
8. She read the novel last month.
9. He jogs every day to lose weight.
10. They heard someone cry.


