+++
title =  "2020-09-13: English"
date = 2020-09-13T18:22:14+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review the previous lesson(9/11)

### If you were to travel this year, where would you like to go?

If I were to travel this year, I'd like to go to Iceland.
Because Iceland has great nature.
For instance it has volcanoes, glaciers, fiord, and aurora.
Therefore, I want to go on a trip to Iceland, I can't go there now due to COVID-19, though.

### How about if you have these four choices, which would you choose?

In the future, I want to go to the Moon.
Because I want to jump high on the Moon.
The moon has a weaker gravity compared to the Earth.
The gravity of the Moon is one sixth of the Earth.
So, I will be able to jump 3 meters high, I think.

### What travel location in Japan do you think would be the mainstream in 2024?

I think Hokkaido will be the mainstream in 2024.
Because it's the coldest place in Japan.
Nowadays, most places in Japan are getting warmer and they might be like tropical.
Therefore, we will be able to see beautiful snow in Hokkaido even in 2024 or 2030s, I believe.

### Tips

Before you express your opinions using OREO, you can tell a number of the reasons to organize your opinion.
For instance, there are three reasons why we should go to the moon rather than the others.

### Vocabularies

* Mouth-watering: highly attractive
* propositions: offers
* bold: not afraid of taking risks and making difficult decisions 
* holidaymaker: someone who has travelled to a place on holiday

## Writing: 12th August, 2020 - Delivery of COVID vaccine needs 8,000 jumbo jets

### Summary

Whenever a vaccine for COVID-19 is created, distributing the vaccine will have three big problems.
Firstly, the air cargo industry have no experience that deliver 8,000 flights at once.
Scientists says that to transport the vaccine across the globe will require around 8,000 flight planes.
Secondly, the vaccine requires keeping at the same temperature throughout its journey.
Therefore, that requires temperature-controlled cargo hubs and warehouses, and well trained staffs worldwide.
Finally, the vaccine will be highly valuable commodities,
so we need to ensure that shipments remain secure from tampering and theft.

### Discussion

* a) When do you think scientists will create a vaccine?
    - I think they will finish creating and testing a vaccine for COVID-19 the mid of next year.
* b) Would you have the vaccine?
    - No, I wouldn't have the vaccine for a while.
    - Because I'm afraid the side-effect of the vaccine.
    - For instance, the vaccine may give us some diseases or numbness.
    - Actually, there were such accidents so far in Japan.
    - Therefore, I will wait for taking the vaccine for a while until it become more safely.
* c) Why won't anti-vaxxers have the vaccine?
    - I think, they are afraid of the side-effect like me.
* d) What do you think of the logistics of distributing the vaccine worldwide?
    - In my opinion, the vaccine should be created worldwide, not a certain country.
    - Because except the article said, the vaccine transportation has many difficulties.
    - For example, who will pay for the transportation costs? like that.
    - Therefore, the vaccine should be created at places near patients.
* e) What is your government doing about COVID-19?
    - Japanese government is trying to get enough vaccine for all Japanese people.
    - In addition, my government is planning to give the vaccine all Japanese people for free.
* f) What was the 'mission of the century' before this vaccine?
    - I have no idea about the mission before this vaccine.
* g) What was the mission of the twentieth century?
    - It was the mission to the Moon, I think.
* h) What is the best way to distribute the vaccine to every person on Earth?
