+++
title =  "2020-11-15: English"
date = 2020-11-15T18:30:19+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Preparation for discussion class 

[Mental Models and Making Decisions You Don’t Regret](https://dariusforoux.com/mental-models/)

### beginning

We tend to overlook cases that did not come with a successful outcome. 
And when we do look at failure, we are often quick to explain why things failed.

### Bad Decisions and Good Decisions

Failure is not always explained by bad decision making.
“Good decisions can lead to bad outcomes and vice versa.”

### Mental Models: Focus On The Process, Not The Outcome

By simply focusing on the thinking process, we can always say we did the right thing.
And that’s the only sure way to avoid regret—no matter what the outcome is.

### “What’s the right thing?”

We must all suffer one of two things: 
the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment.

- - -

### Vocabulary

* romanticize
    - to talk or think about things in a way that makees them seem more romantic or attractive than they really are
* overlook
    - to not notice something, or not see how important it is
* hindsight
    the ability to understand a situation only after it has happened 
* imminent
    - an event that is imminent, especially an unpleasant one, will happen very soon
* sorrow
    - a feeling of great sadness, usually because someone has died or because something terrible has happened to you
* solely
    - not involving anything or anyone else
* make up of
    - 
* worthwhile
    - if something is worthwhile, it is important or useful, or you gain something from it

### Idioms?

* here’s the thing

- - -

## Writing: Scientists develop COVID-19 vaccine 13th November, 2020

In a year that has largely been full of bad and tragic news because of COVID19, there is finally some good news. Scientists have announced a breakthrough in the fight against the virus. The scientists are from the U.S. drug company Pfizer and the German pharmaceutical company BioNTech. Their researchers say they have developed a vaccine that has a 90 per cent success rate in protecting against COVID-19. The researchers also say the vaccine does not cause serious side effects. Dr. Anthony Fauci, head of the USA's National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, said the vaccine was positive news. He said: "The results are really quite good, I mean extraordinary."

Health experts say it will be months before the vaccine is widely available for people to take. It needs to be stored at temperatures of -80º Celsius.  However, Pfizer CEO Dr. Albert Bourla was upbeat about his company's achievement. He said: "Today is a great day for science and humanity....We are reaching this critical milestone in our vaccine development program at a time when the world needs it most." He added: "Infection rates are setting new records, hospitals are nearing overcapacity and economies are struggling to reopen.  With today's news, we are a significant step closer to providing people around the world with a muchneeded breakthrough to help bring an end to this global health crisis." 

### Vocabulary

* tragic
* pharmaceutical
* upbeat

### Summary

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - I think it sounds really good.
    - Because it will end this pandemic.
    - It can help so many people and run the economical activities.
    - Therefore, I'm excited with the news.
* b) Who should be among the first people to get the vaccine?
    - It could be said that people who will be damaged the worst with the virus should take the vaccine.
    - Because they can be suffered from infecting with the virus.
    - For instance, they may have terrible after effect of the virus or be died.
    - Therefore, children and old people who have health problem ought to take the vaccine.
* c) How big an achievement is the vaccine?
    - It will win the Nobel prize.
    - Because it will help most of people all over the world.
    - For example, if five percents of people in the world will be helped with the vaccine, 
        it will help three hundred fifty million people.
    - Therefore, the vaccine will be worth of the Nobel prize.
* d) How has COVID-19 affected your country's economy?
    - It has affected my country's economy terribly.
    - For instance, It has stopped moving of people and removed eagerness to buy from people.
    - In addition, It has been producing a lot of bankrupts. 
    - That is to say, it is about to disrupt my country.
* e) What will you do once the COVID-19 crisis is over?
    - I will go on a trip abroad.
    - Because I couldn't go abroad.
    - For instance, I want to go to Italy, Mexico, New Zealand and Taiwan.
    - I have been thinking about traveling around the world since this pandemic began.
* f) What three adjectives best describe this story?
    - Amazing, Eager, and Necessary match this story, I think.
* g) What should the world learn from the COVID-19 pandemic?
    - The world should learn from this pandemic how important exposure of information is.
    - Because the world was late handling with the pandemic, even though the coronavirus was found in the end of last year.
    - If the world dealt with the pandemic early, this virus wouldn't expand like this.
    - We shouldn't blame anyone, we should just learn.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the scientists?
    - I'd like to ask them how many times we ought to take the vaccine and how much it costs at once.
    - Because it will matter how quickly this pandemic will ease.

- - -

## Speaking: 4-(52-56)

1. He lent me the magazine.
2. Although ~~he~~ **the man** is rich, he isn't happy.
3. Whose dictionary did she borrow?
4. It was too dark to take pictures.
5. The old man who lives in that house is very rich.
6. How many pets does he have?
7. She is not old enough to work here.
8. You don't have to worry about anything.
9. It's impossible for me to understand him.
10. That is the hotel where we stayed last year.

1. He will finish reading the book **soon**.
2. There were many famous people at the party.
3. If you meet him, you will understand why everybody likes him.
4. The story my uncle told us was strange.
5. She asked the children to be quiet.
6. I didn't know what to say to her.
7. Why didn't she want to see them?
8. Please tell me what's inside.
9. Bob enjoyed playing games with his friends yesterday.
10. I had her make some coffee.

1. The man running this restaurant is her cousin.
2. Have you been studying for a long time to pass the exam?
3. She asked me what my job ~~is~~ **was**.
4. Mary runs the fastest of the girls.
5. How tough this meat is!
6. The bookstore where I bought this book was in London.
7. Is that the house they **have** decided to buy?
8. Does his wife speak Japanese?
    - Yes, she does.
9. They were kind to me.
10. Although I have had lunch, I am still hungry.

1. The old man they met in the park was ninety years old.
2. She made her son wash the dishes.
3. Was Lucy taking a shower when the telephone rang?
4. He studies Spanish for three hours every day.
5. Since he didn't have anything to do, Tom went home early.
6. Does your mother like music?
7. The program was so interesting that everyone wanted to watch it.
8. Please tell me when to visit her.
9. She will be as famous as you.
10. I think she has been to India before.

1. His father was tall.
2. Does that woman know which car to choose?
3. She enjoyed playing tennis with her friends yesterday afternoon.
4. Tom went to the airport to see his friend off.
5. When did Ed and Nancy get married?
6. Do you know when the festival will begin?
7. I'm going to call him today.
8. Do you know the boy who asked him **a question**?
9. Did you take a shower this morning?
    - No, I didn't.
10. Did Margaret bake a cake yesterday?
    - Yes, she did.
