+++
title =  "2020 07 24 News"
date = 2020-07-24T10:05:57+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://ychef.files.bbci.co.uk/1600x900/p08lmqx7.jpg"
description = "I don't want to be angry..."
+++

[How anger can be put to good use](https://www.bbc.com/future/article/20200723-how-anger-can-be-put-to-good-use)

We are taught that anger is born from aggression, and destructive.
But if we moderate it and direct it the right way, don't you think it can be good for us?

The Roman philosopher described anger as a “short madness” that sets us on the path to self-destruction.
He said that it was fundamentally wicked and it damaged human race than any diseases.

However, the experts argue putting our angry feelings to good use may be far more effective than simply suppressing them.
They explained that suppression just leaves you feeling exhausted.
It's important to direct angry energy to somewhere.

We can direct it to fitness.
Some experiment found that anger brings us more performance and concentration.
In addition, it brings us more persistence and perseverance at cognitive challenges.
Furthermore, a burst of anger can also spark greater creativity.
To make creative idea or new things we've never seen, we need to various obstacles.
Then, anger could just inspire the breakthrough.
We should manage our anger.

So, how can we manager our anger.
Firstly, you should wait to express your anger, and take time to think the reason about your anger.
Secondly, you should have psychological distance from your anger.
Like, you should take yourself in the third person as if you are advising a friend.
Or, you could also try putting on the paper.
If you do that, it helps you to express your feelings in a more constructive way.


