+++
title =  "2020-11-21: English"
date = 2020-11-21T19:02:28+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-(57-61)

1. The news will surprise them.
2. Did you watch the program again?
    - Yes, I did.
3. The cat is called Tama.
4. The teacher took the students to the museum.
5. Bob must know her phone number.
6. When he told us about the plan, it sounded impossible.
7. It will be cloudy in Paris **tomorrow**.
8. A woman whose name ~~is~~ **was** Nancy Brown came here today.
9. **The** vegetables sold here are fresh.
10. Whey did he paint the picture?

1. Is it necessary for them to run every day?
2. Was Bob jogging at that time?
    - Yes, he was.
3. He jogs every day to lose weight.
4. How did they go there?
5. What does Tom have in his hand?
6. When I was a student, I studied hard.
7. Is that girl his cousin?
    - No, she isn't.
8. She read the novel last month.
9. She married ~~with~~ a man whose father ran a big hotel.
10. They heard someone cry.

1. My wife isn't very good at driving.
2. My father goes to Germany every year.
3. There are many good restaurants in this town.
4. ~~A~~ **The** boy who is drinking milk is Bob.
5. Is this magazine more popular than that one?
    - Yes, it is.
6. How expensive this hat is!
7. How can I open this box?
8. The woman sang a song for us.
9. He will have to see them again.
10. The ground was covered with snow.

1. I have never ~~lied~~ **told a lie**.
2. This ring must be my mother's.
3. This city is visited by many foreigners every year.
4. I know a boy whose parents live abroad.
5. He watched TV until his father came back.
6. His name is known to young people.
7. This is the most difficult subject of all.
8. I think he is thinking about her.
9. Did you see him swim across the river?
    - Yes, I did.
10. Did you go to France to see her?

1. Do you know what color your wife likes?
2. The doctor told ~~him~~ **the man** not to drink too much.
3. What did she do when she lost her passport?
4. She thought he liked children.
5. Is the boy who is playing the violin her son?
6. This joke will make everyone laugh.
7. Who is that tall man standing over there? 
8. She will like ~~the~~ **this** story.
9. I saw your aunt the other day.
10. She studied until she felt sleepy.
