+++
title =  "2020-10-24: English"
date = 2020-10-24T15:07:49+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 38-41

1. This is a toy which is loved by children all over the world.
2. Although the traffic ~~sign~~ **lights** turned red, the car didn't stop.
3. She has never heard her husband speak English.
4. The milk was too hot for her to drink.
5. Have you ever eaten Spanish cuisine?
6. What time are you going to get up tomorrow?
7. I don't know who broke the vase.
8. Turn off **the** TV at once.
9. How old is their father?
10. Who ~~is~~ **was** waiting for him?

1. She has a friend who runs a popular restaurant.
2. He ~~was~~ **has been** playing the piano for more than two hours.
3. The shooting star was seen by many people.
4. He often asks his son to wash his car.
5. That old man looks very sleepy.
6. That may be his dog.
7. What did you give your wife for her birthday last year?
8. I'm ~~more busy~~ **busier** than you.
9. My aunt was a teacher when she was ~~younger~~ **young**.
10. I'll be more careful next time.

1. Tom and Jon went to bed before ten yesterday.
2. He was surprised to hear the result.
3. It's already nine.
4. That car must be his.
5. Emily saw the man enter/**go into** the bank.
6. I wonder what time this train will arrive at/**get to** Tokyo.
7. Is the gentleman who is reading the newspaper on the bench Mr.Brown?
8. It isn't easy to learn that language.
    - Learning that language isn't easy.
9. When I was a child, I bought the magazine every week.
10. The children ~~was~~ **were** so noisy that I couldn't read the newspaper.

1. She took many pictures there.
2. He is one of the most famous writers in the world.
3. How long have they been running?
4. Whose shoes are those?
    - ~~Those~~ **They** are his.
5. Why did she want to go to China?
6. Although the book was expensive, the boy bought it.
7. This coffee tastes bitter.
8. My watch is cheaper than his.
9. The news I heard was **very** weird.
10. His son will be a good doctor in the future.

## Breaking News: Eating jellyfish could save endangered fish 24th October, 2020

### Summary

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - 良いアイデアだと思います。
* b) Do you worry that fish are on the brink of extinction?
    - はい、とても心配しています。
* c) What would happen if many fish became extinct?
    - 日本を含む多くの国がとても大きな問題を抱えることになると思います。
* d) Would you order a jellyfish dish in a restaurant?
    - はい、注文したいです。それが美味しければ。
* e) Do you have a favourite fish dish?
    - はい、あります。それは、刺し身です。
* f) What do you think of fish?
    - 魚は好きです。とても美味しいから。
* g) What do you think of sea cucumbers?
    - sea cucumber を知りません。
* h) What questions would you like to ask the researchers?
    - クラゲに栄養はあるの？

### Vocabulary

* endanger
* a common sight
* fisheries
* squishy
* see cucumber
