+++
title =  "2020-10-03: English"
date = 2020-10-03T13:47:11+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Sepaking: 4-(26-29) Traiing (26-29)

### Try.1

1. ~~It is true that he said.~~
    - What he said may be true.
2. The cat which is sleeping on the sofa is Tama.
3. She is as beautiful as a rose.
4. That woman can speak twenty languages.
5. Peter is the tallest student in this school.
6. When did he go to India?
7. I think that she is older than Tom.
8. Do you want me to read this article?
    - Yes, I do.
9. She went back to England ~~on~~ **for** Christmas.
10. Do you eat spaghetti every day?
    - Yes, I do.

1. When he came ~~home~~ **back**, she felt happy. 
2. Why did Tom eat nothing yesterday?
3. As he was so hungry, he couldn't sleep.
4. That is the man everyone in the town respects.
5. She looked **up** at the shining star.
6. ~~It's so fun to study at this school.~~
    - It will be a lot of fun to study at this school.
7. You must do your homework before you watch TV. 
8. I had enough money to buy the house.
9. I have never read the poem.
10. She is beautiful and intelligent.

1. How fat that man is!
2. Where did you see his sister?
3. I wonder who wrote such **a** beautiful poem.
4. She likes winter better than summer.
5. The girl had a basket which was full of flowers.
6. ~~Were there anything to see a lot in the town?~~
    - Were there many things to see in that town?
7. ~~Is that jacket yours or his?~~
    - Is that your jacket or his?
    - It's his.
8. Did he say anything?
9. He didn't say he knew her.
10. His joke made her laugh.

1. I want to take my wife to Paris.
2. She sees him once a month.
3. Why can he spaek Japanese ~~such~~ **so** well?
4. Where did your daughter find this book?
5. Bob's car broke down on the way there.
6. She will never ~~seen~~ **see** them **again**.
7. You must not smoke here.
8. That is a chair my son made.
9. Call me again after ten o'clock.
10. I want you to listen to this song again.

## Writing: 2nd October, 2020 - Two-fifths of world's plants at risk of extinction

### Discussion

* a) What do you know about plants?
    - I don't know about plants very much.
* b) What are your favourite plants?
    - They're fruit and vegetables.
    - Because they're very tasty, I like them.
* c) How important are plants?
    - Plants could help people.
    - Because we could make medicine for the coronavirus and other diseases from plants.
    - In addition, some of them may be super foods taht could be a lifeline to lots of people.
* d) How important are plants in your life?
    - They're very important for my life.
    - fruit and vegetabless: foods, tree: sunshade, flowers: happy, etc.
* e) Do we need to study more about plants at school?
    - Yes, we do.
    - We should've studied more practically about plants at school.
* f) What will happen as more and more plants become extinct?
    - Humans will go toward extinct with plants.
* g) What do you think of warnings like this?
    - I think we should do something to preserve plants.
* h) How worried are you by this news?
    - I'm worried very much, however there's not much I can do.

## Vocabulary

* end up
* extinction
* stark
* flora
* botanist
* against time
* clues
* perhaps
* fungi
* poverty
* insecurity
* humankind
* insist someone do
* biodiversity
