+++
title =  "2020-08-28: English"
date = 2020-08-28T08:55:57+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 1-8 Training 8

### try.1

1. The garden is covered with flowers.
2. The old man likes taking a walk along ~~with~~ the river after breakfast.
3. She thinks that she is right.
4. I **have** just cleaned ~~the~~ **my** room.
5. Haven't you done your homework *yet**?
    - No, I haven't.
6. ~~Have you been spoken by foreigners?~~
    - Have you ever been spoken to by a foreigner?
7. ~~He was gave a cup of coffee by his daughter.~~
    - He had his daughter make some coffee.
8. Why did you drink so much coffee?
9. ~~Who takes after the cat?~~
    - Who is this cat taken care of by?
10. ~~My mother says me to be more careful.~~
    - My mother always tells me to be more careful.

### try.2

* I have just cleaned my room.
* Haven't you done your homework **yet**?
    - No, I haven't.
* The old man likes taking a walk along the river after breakfast.
* Who is this cat taken care of by?
* My mother always tells me to be more careful.
* Why did you drink so much coffee?
* Have you ever been spoken to by a foreginer?
* She thinks that she is right.
* The garden is covered with flowers.
* He had his daughter make some cofree.

## Writing: cold air

a. I have thought that cold air is always heavier than warm air.
b. I was taught that cold air is ligher than warm air at a science class.
c. I liked a science class and enjoyed it at school.
d. I don't know it very much, I know just that it's always humid, hot and it often rains heavily.
e. Good things are that we can meet various animals, insects and plants, on the other hand,
   bad things are too humid and uncomfortable.
f. I hate humidity, because mold grows up and I feel uncomfortable.
g. I love the weather that is comfortably dry and warm, like April or November in Japan.
h. I don't know about it very much actually, however, I feel it's becoming warmer every year.
