+++
title =  "2020-05-15: Review"
date = 2020-05-15T20:00:00+09:00
tags = ["review"]
+++

At the last lesson, I learned kinds of movies and how to explain movies.

* It's a **kinds of movies**.
  - It's about **main story of the movie**.
  - It's **funny or something ajective**.
* It's set in **something era or century**.
  - **Someone actor** is in it.
  -  It's kind of **violent or some thing ajective**, though.
* It's take plain in **somewhere**.
* **Someone actor** plays **something role** who does something.
  - It's a **true story**.
* I saw this **war movie**.
  - It's **one of those animated film** for **someone**.

I couldn't explain my favorite movie well.
Because I forget tips for explaining movies above.

#### Delicatessen

It's a black comedy film directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet and Marc Caro.
Jean-Pierre Jeunet directed The City of Lost Children, Alien 2 Resurrection, and Amelie. 
Dominique Pinon plays a major character in the movie.
He played in Alien 4 and in mostly Jean-Pierre Jeunet's film.

I saw it when I was in a junior high school.
At that time, I was a movie freak,
so I used to go to rental video shop and borrowed 2 or 3 video tape every weekends.

It's set in apocalyptic world where there isn't foods very much.
It takes place in a apartment building in somewhere France.
A circus clown moves into the apartment which a butcher manages.
Because the butcher posted a recruitment of a employee that help to manage the apartment.
However, the true reason is that the butcher's gonna eat the clown.

