+++
title =  "2020-02-13: Touchstone-3 Unit-7 Lesson.D"
date = 2020-02-13T18:00:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-7: Relationships
## Lesson.D: New friends, old friends

### 2. Speaking and listening: Getting back in touch
1. His college friends
  - G: So what are you doing this weekend, Javier?
  - J: Oh, I have to do something around my house.
    - You know, do the laundry, go food shopping, the kind of stuff.
    - How about you?
  - G: Oh, I'm gonna go see the new science fiction movie that's playing downtown.
    - Have you seen it?
  - J: No, I haven't seen a movie at all for long time.
    - I don't really go out much any more.
  - G: Oh, why it's that?
    - You used to go to the parties and stuff with your friends from college all the time.
  - J: I know, I guess that's just so much to do work now.
    - I hardly ever see any of my college friends now.
  - G: Really?
  - J: Yeah, I kind of got tired of parties and clubs and everything.
    - And I stated to do another things.
    - Like writing songs and stuff like that.
    - I wanna record an album.
    - I'm really excited about it.
  - G: That sounds great. 
2. His running buddy
  - G: Whatever happened to the guy you used to go running with?
    - You used to hang out with him all the time?
    - Did he get married or something?
  - J: Oh, you mean Ben?
    - Yeah, He got married.
    - Actually his wife has their baby.
    - He never has time for running or anything now.
  - G: Yeah, wow.
    - I guess if he has a family now.
    - I'm sure he'll call you if he has more time.
  - J: Yeah, I hope so.
    - I'd really like to see him again.
    - He's a fun guy.
3. His old girlfriend
  - G: And what about that nice girl you were seeing?
  - J: Maggie? Oh yeah.
    - She was nice. But it wasn't working out.
    - We were just very different people.
    - So we decided to break up.
    - We don't see each other any more. But that's OK.
  - G: Oh well, I guess it's good to focus on your music for a while.
  - J: Yeah, it is. I'm enjoying it.
  
- - -

### 3. Writing: Your circle of friends

#### A. Think about three of your friends. Tell a partner about them. Discuss the questions below.

##### What is your friend like?
##### How did you meet?
##### Why did you become friends?
##### What do you have in common?
##### What do you do together?

#### B. Read the article below and the Help note. Then write an article like the one on page 66 about your circle of friends. Use both and neither to show what you have in common. Include photos if you can.
