+++
title =  "2020-06-17: Finished a book"
date = 2020-06-17T18:00:00+09:00
tags = ["book"]
featured_image = "http://www.christineporath.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/mastering-civility-book-600x870.jpg"
description = "Mastering civility"
+++

I've finished a book, "MASTERING CIVILITY".
The reason that I wanted to read this book is that I expected it helps me in life.
Because I always have at least one rude friend or colleague, so I want to deal with it well.  
Even if I belong to any companies or any communities in the future,
I must be having at least one rude person, I think.

The book said that if you met rude person in your office,
you should care about only yourself and your future.

Even if someone is rude to you, you don't care about it.
You should keep yourself and should not miss yourself.
You should not think that you can change the person's character and attitude.
If you need to meet the person,
you ought to say only the point straightly to the person.
And you should minimize the occasion to meet the person.

If someone is rude to you, you can't avoid the bad effects totally.
However, you can minimize the bad effects by focusing your mind on your future, not past.

Firstly, you ought to look only at yourself and think about your success.
You ought to focus on what improves you.
Moreover to rely on your mentor, friends, or family is good.
You might want to look after yourself well and keep your energy.
It's important to find your meaning of what you're working on and your goals for your life.
Furthermore, you ought to improve your good relationships.
Finally you might want to work on any non-business activities positively.

1. Set your goal and feeling your improvement.
2. Find a thing that can improves yourself.
3. Ask your mentor to help you.
4. Nutritious food, sleep and exercise.
5. Find good meaning in your work
6. Having good relationships both inside and outside your office
7. Get good achievement outside your office


[MASTERING CIVILITY]: http://www.christineporath.com/books/
