+++
title =  "2020-01-31: Touchstone-3 Unit-7 Lesson.C"
date = 2020-01-31T16:00:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-7: Relationships
## Lesson.C: She's just a bit odd.

### 1. Conversation strategy: Softening comments

#### A. What are your neighbors like? Do you get along with them? Tell the class.
My neighbors next door are a man and his daughter.
It seems to me that they get along well, because I sometimes see they're talking with smile.
But late at night once or twice, I heard him to shout like being drunk,
so I'm bit worried about it.
In these days I haven't heard him to shout, it's OK now, I think.

And another neighbors next door at opposite side are a woman and her father, maybe.
I have not seen her father, but I heard a old man's voice once.
The woman have not greeted me even if I said "Hello" or "Good morning".

In the city, not country side, the relationships are weak.
We don't know neighbors' name even next door.

#### B. What does Olivia think about her new neighbor? What are Adam's neighbors like?

Olivia thinks that her new neighbor is a little bit strange, kind of weird, and just a bit odd.
Because her neighbor always coming over and borrowing things for her,
and sometimes she sort of ignores her.

Adams thinks that he don't know about his neighbors,
because nobody in his building ever speaks.

#### C. Notice
* I guess / I think
* probably / maybe
* kind of / sort of
* a little / a bit
* just
* in a way

#### D. Make the comments below softer. Add the expressions given.

1. The people in my neighborhood are unfriendly. (a little)
  - The people in my neighborhood are <u>a little</u> unfriendly.
  - They're <u>maybe</u> just busy with their own lives.
2. The people next door keep to themselves. (kind of)
  - The people next door <u>kind of</u> keep to themselves. (kind of)
  - They don't like to go out, <u>I guess</u>.
3. The people across the street are always looking out of their window. They seem nosy. (a little)
  - They seem <u>a little</u> nosy.
  - The don't have anything better to do, <u>I guess</u>.
4. The guy above me plays his music too loud. (a bit) It gets noisy.(kind of)
  - The guy above me plays his music <u>a bit</u> too loud. It gets <u>kind of</u> noisy.
  - It can be <u>a little bit</u> difficult to sleep.
5. One of my neighbors is always coming over. It's irritating. (in a way)
  - It's irritating <u>in a way</u>.
  - She's <u>probably just</u> lonely, I <u>think</u>.

#### E. Do you know anyone like the people above? Take turns telling a partner. Can you "soften" your comments?

- - -
### 2. Strategy plus: though

#### B. Practice giving your own responses.

1. A. I think it's nice to get to know your co-workers.
  - B. Yeah, I think so, some of them are the people who I don't want to get along with, though.
2. A. I hate going to parties when I don't know anyone.
  - B. Yes, exactly. I don't want to go the parties either.
  I can enjoy the parties in rare cases, though. 
3. A. I love it when old friends find me online.
  - B. No, I don't.
  In such cases, they usually contact me for business work or mission work, not for friendship.
  Provided that they contact me as my friends, I appreciate their friendship, though.

- - -

### 3. Listening and strategies: People I look forward to seeing

#### A. 
1. It's funny.
There are some people that I look forward to seeing.
I don't mean friends but like people I see everyday or once a week or something.
Like, there is the woman who works in the coffee shop.
I always get coffee in the morning before work.
And it gets kind of busy, you know.
And she gets a little stressed out where there're lots of people.
She's really friendly and positive, though.
She always smiles and asks "How are you today?"
I guess I look forward to seeing her.
Because it's nice to see someone who's friendly in the morning.
2. Another person I enjoyed seeing is my yoga instructor.
I just started yoga a couple of months ago.
And, yeah, the teacher's really good.
He's kind of stretch, though.
Like, he makes us do things over and over until we get it right.
But he's really good at explaining things.
So, yeah. I really look forward to his class.
Because I always learn something new.
And the other students in the class are nice.
Well, one guy always asking questions, though.
He gets sort of annoying, really. But...
3. I go biking every weekend.
There's a group of us who go together.
And there's one guy who's like the worst biker.
He's incredibly funny, though.
His name's Ed.
And he's always telling jokes and funny stories.
Anyway, he and I are always at the back of the group.
I guess the other guys are kind of serious about biking.
I mean, I'm not, but I look forward to the ride every week.
Because, well, I guess I just enjoy the company.

#### B. Why does Matthew look forward to seeing each person?
1. Matthew looks forward to the woman who works in the coffee shop.  
Because the woman who works in the coffee shop always smiles and asks "How are you today?",
and he feels nice to see someone who's friendly in the morning,
2. Matthew looks forward to his yoga instructor.  
Because his yoga instructor is really good at explaining things,
so that he always learn something new at his yoga class.
3. Matthew looks forward to the ride with his group every week.  
Because he enjoys the biking company,
especially he gets along with Ed who is always telling jokes and funny stories.
He and Ed are not serious about biking, but they are always enjoying biking.

#### C. Who do you look forward to seeing? Tell a partner about three people. Ask and answer questions to find out more information.

1. My brother's family  
I look forward to see my brother and his family.
They are living in U.S.A now.
My brother has a son and a daughter.
The son, Takuma goes to university to become a pilot of an airplane.
The daughter, Ryo plays the trumpet.
She sometimes play at a concert or festival.
They're really good people.
2. My friend in England  
3. My friends when we were in graduate school  
