+++
title =  "2020-12-28: English"
date = 2020-12-28T11:00:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2020/12/28 lesson

Wow,
what an audience.
But if I'm being honest, / I don't care what you think of my talk.
I don't.
I care what the internet thinks of my talk.
(Laughter)
Because they are the ones who get it seen / and shared.
And I think that's where most people get it wrong.
They're talking to you, / here,
instead of talking to you, / random person / scrolling / Facebook.
Thanks for the click.
You see, back in 2009, we all had these weird little things called / attention spans.
(Laughter)
Yeah, they're gone. They're gone. We killed them. They're dead.
I'm trying to think of the last time I watched an 18-minute TED talk.
It's been years, / literally years.
So if you're giving a TED talk, / keep it quick.
I'm doing mine in under a minute.
I'm at 44 seconds right now; that means we've got time for one final joke.
Why / are balloons / so / expensive?
(Audience) "Why?"
Woody Roseland: Inflation.

- - -

## Phrasal verbs: Part 1

### 011: war breaks out

- There is always a war breaking out somewhere in the world.
- I wish that all wars will be gone soon.

### 012: break out in a rash

- When I have a bad condition, I sometimes have the skin breaking out in a rash.

### 013: break up  with my girlfriend

- I was very sad when I was broken up with my girlfriend, but I got over it.

### 014: break up a fight

- Japan ought to break up a fight between China and America because Japan is in the front of China and need to trade with both them.

### 015: bring about a change

- I'm afraid of some bad result that the changing job will bring about a change in my career.

### 016: bring books back

- I often forget to bring books back to the library.

### 017: photographs bring memories back

- I took a lot of pictures during my honeymoon.
- They bring me back memories of beautiful scenery and food.

### 018: bring her back to life

- All paramedics not always bring drowning people back to life.

### 019: bring him back to the company

- They will not think to bring me back to the company, because they don't value me.

### 020: bring down the ceiling

- When the earthquake happened, it brought down the ceiling of the hall and killed a few people.
