+++
title =  "2020-09-18: English"
date = 2020-09-18T15:48:29+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 09/18 Lesson

They are what I couldn't say what I wanted to say.

### Why did the current prime minister of Japan quit?

It's because he has a health problem and it has been worse,
so he decided not to keep his post.
He has been the prime minister before ~~at~~ once, it was fourteen years ago.
He resigned from his post at that time because of his health problem.
That is to say, he resigned twice from the prime minister.

### How do Japanese choose the next prime minister of Japan?

Japanese can't choose the prime minister directly.
Japanese prime minister is chosen by members of Congress.
Japan has a political system similar to England. It's the parliamentary democracy.
So, there is no president who chooses the prime minister.

### Is Japanese eating manner making a sound when eating noodles?

No, it isn't.
Japanese don't think to make a slurping sound intentionally when eating noodles.
I think there are two reasons.
Firstly, they use chopsticks and don't use a fork that wraps pasta around.
Secondly, they don't move their face closer to a bowl or a dish.
Because it's a bad manner for eating.
Therefore, they slurp noodles eventually making a slurping sound.

### What is a difference between Kanto region and Kansai region about Udon in Japan.

The differences are **the** soup and softness of Udon.
The soup of eastern Udon is black because of soy sauce, and its soup is mainly based on dried bonito broth.
And its noodles is softer than western one.
On the other hand, the color of the soup of western Udon is light.
Its soup is mainly based on Konbu seaweed broth.
And the texture of western Udon noodles is like "al dente" of Italian pasta.
In addition, there are also many types of Udon in Japan.

### Vocabulary

* broth
* slurp
* unintentionally
* compliment
* reputation

### Home work

I can't read the article unless you allow me to read it.

1. In Singapore, the word 'no' is considered impolite.
    - Yes, it is.
    - Because they will sometimes say 'yes' to avoid causing offence.
2. In Greece, you should nod your head upwards to say 'yes'
    - No, you shouldn't.
    - Because the Greeks traditionally nod the head upwards to say 'no'.
    - They use a tilt of the head from side to side to mean 'yes'.
3. In Italy, it's a bad idea to turn up late for a meeting.
    - No, it isn't.
    - Because the Italians believe that arriving late shows who is the boss.
4. In the Netherlands, it is a bad idea to turn up late for a meeting.
    - Yes, it is.
    - Because the Dutch frown upon lateness.
5. In Japan, the business card is very important and should be treated with respect.
    - Yes, it is.
    - I don't know why, but they always treat it with respect.
6. In Russia, you should not argue during business deals.
    - No, you should not.
    - Because, they admire you more if you stick to your guns.
7. In Turkey, you should not insist on sharing the restaurant bill with your host.
    - No, you should not.
    - Because the best policy is to thank your host and return the compliment at the first opportunity.
8. In Mexico, you should be careful about proposing dinner arrangements with your client.
    - Yes, you should.
    - Because Mexican may think that is a sign of a romantic interest.

### Vocabulary

* punctual
    - arriving, happening, or being done at exactly the time that has been arranged
* deliberately
    - done in a way that is intended or planned
* turn up
    - to arrive at a place, especially in a way that is unexpected
* frown
    - to make an angry, unhappy, or confused expression, moving your eyebrows together
* theatrical
    - relating to the performing of plays
    - behaving in a loud or very noticeable way that is intended to get people's attention
* tantrum
    - a sudden short period when someone, especially a child, behaves very angrily and unreasonably
* thump
    - informal to hit someone very hard with your hand closed
* supper
    - the meal that you have in the early evening.

### Idioms

* go Dutch
* stick to your guns
* return the compliment
* save face
* give ground
* wine and dine

- - -
## Speaking: 4-20 Training 20

### Try.1

1. Is your brother stronger than you?
    - Yes, he is.
2. Are you going to meet him tomorrow?
    - Yes, I am.
3. Lucy is in her room.
4. You will ~~be~~ **feel** much better tomorrow than today.
    - You will feel much better tomorrow than today.
5. How many times did you go to the store last week?
6. This book is more difficult than that ~~book~~ **one**.
7. His words made her very happy.
8. She was so good at cooking that she opened her **own** restaurant.
9. He had many friends who help him.
    - He had a lot of friends to help him.
10. The picture ~~hooked~~ **hanging on** the wall was painted by my grandmother.

### Try.2

1. This book is more difficult than that one.
2. Lucy is in her room.
3. The picture hanging on the wall was painted by my grandmother.
4. She was so good at cooking that she opened her own restaurant.
5. You will feel much better tomorrow than today.
6. He had a lot of friends to help him.
7. Are you going to meet him tomorrow?
    - Yes, I am.
8. How many times did you go to the store last week?
9. Is your brother stronger than you?
    - Yes, he is.
10. His words made her very happy.

## Writing: 23rd February, 2020 - Big breakfasts help us burn double the calories

### Discussion

* a) What do you think of your weight?
    - I think I would better reduce my weight.
    - Because my weight is heavier than the average people who are the same height as I.
* b) How important is a big breakfast?
    - The big breakfast is very important.
    - Because it boosts consuming calories and prevents high blood sugar.
* c) Have you ever been on a diet?
    - Yes, I have.
    - Because I was told by a doctor that I'd better be lighter weight for your health.
    - Moreover heavy weight can have a negative impact not only on my health but also on surfing and jogging, I feel.
    - Therefore, I tried to be on a diet. I'm not on a diet now, though.
* d) Is a big breakfast or big dinner better?
    - A big breakfast and a small dinner is better
* e) What is the best breakfast?
    - I think traditional Japanese breakfast is the best.
    - Because it's nutritionally balanced meals.
    - For instance, a rice, a green salad, a cup of miso soup, and grilled salmon.
    - A traditional breakfast in each countries may be good for health, I guess.
* f) Do you worry about the number of calories you consume?
    - No, I don't. I don't like dieting.
    - I want to eat without caring about the number of calories.
* g) Should we eat what we want to and be happy?
    - We should do that absolutely.
    - Because we should care about not only our health but also our mental health.
    - On the other hand, we should not eat only something bad for health.
    - We need to love eating a variety of vegetables, seaweed, fish, and so on.
* h) Why are high-calorie foods so tasty?
    - High-calorie foods may make some narcotics in the brain that makes us feel happy, I guess.
    - People can't stop eating high-calorie foods because of that, I think.
    - For instance, the proportion of men with obesity in Japan has been increasing for a half century.
    - Therefore, we need self-control.

### Vocabulary

* fad
* shed
* metabolism
* boost
* induce
* underline
* obesity
* narcotics

## Today's feeling.

I'm doing good.
I worked from home today as usual and I stayed at home all day.
Nothing special.
