+++
title =  "2020-09-09: English"
date = 2020-09-09T12:15:24+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-14 Training 14

### Try.1

1. ~~Has~~ **Did** that boy who speaks English well ~~lived~~ **live** in America for a long time?
2. What time does your brother usually go to bed?
3. How did you see him?
    - How did you get to know him?
4. Who is that tall boy?
    - He is Peter.
5. He was running in the park.
6. Who is the oldest ~~person~~ in this village?
7. Does he always do ~~the~~ **his** homework?
    - Yes, he does.
8. She likes Tom (very much/a lot).
9. Is this watch yours?
10. My daughter wants to be a movie star.

### Try.2

1. Does he always do his homework?
    - Yes, he does.
2. Did that boy who speaks English well live in America for a long time?
3. He was running in the park.
4. How did you get to know him?
5. What time does your brother usually go to bed?
6. My daughter wants to be a movie star.
7. Who is the oldest in this village?
8. Is this watch yours?
9. Who is that tall body?
    - He is Peter.
10. She likes Tom a lot.

## Listening: 2-12

+ Hello, this is the British Museum.
    - How can I help you?
* Hello, I'd really like to 
+ That's fine. We have several audio tour which you can do at your own pace.
+ There is a general tour ... , or there's a family tour which ... from the Parthenon in Greece.
* 
+ We have Japanese tapes for the general tour and the Parthenon tour.
* How much
+ They're three pounds fifty each.
+ Tomorrow shouldn't be particularly crowded.

* Thank you very much. I'm really looking forward to seeing the museum.

## Writing: 21st April, 2020 - People want a different life after lockdown

### Summary

According to a survey, most people in the U.K. want different life from before pandemic.
They use cars less and work from home due to lockdown.
In addition, they value food more and cook by themselves, and
they are trying new things and value their neighbours more.

### Discussion

* a. What do you think about life after lockdown?
    - It's very good for me.
    - Because I can work from home without commuting.
    - I feel now that commuting to work have wasted my time a lot.
* b. How will people feel when lockdown ends?
* c. Will life return to normal after lockdown ends?
* d. Do you want life to return to normal after lockdown finishes?
* e. What will you do differently after lockdown ends?
* f. What did you learn about yourself during lockdown?
* g. What can your country learn from this crisis?
* h. What advice do you have for people in lockdown?
