+++
title =  "2020-10-25: English"
date = 2020-10-25T13:53:36+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Breaking News: Eating jellyfish could save endangered fish 24th October, 2020

Scientists think they have found an answer to the problem of food shortages. One solution could be for us to eat jellyfish. This could also help to protect fish and other sea life that are endangered.  Researchers from the University of Queensland in Australia conducted a study of fishing around the world. They discovered that fishing nets caught 92 endangered species of seafood and 11 species of marine life classed as "critically endangered". The researchers said this was not illegal as the creatures were not protected. Researcher Dr Leslie Robertson said: "Despite national and international commitments to protect threatened species, we actively fish for many of these threatened species." The researchers warned we are eating species of fish and other sea life that are on the brink of extinction. They suggested that eating jellyfish could help protect fish that are in danger of disappearing from our seas and oceans. Jellyfish could become a common sight on menus, and we could ask for jellyfish and chips instead of fish and chips. The researchers said jellyfish could be a sustainable alternative at seafood restaurants and fish shops. Dr Robertson said seafood is "not as sustainable as consumers would like to think". She added: "It is possible to manage our fisheries sustainably and eat species that can survive the fishing pressure. We just have to care about weirdlooking squishy things like sea cucumbers." 

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - I think it's good idea.
    - Jellyfish has been eaten in far east countries like China or Japan though.
* b) Do you worry that fish are on the brink of extinction?
    - I much worry about that.
    - Because the price of fish has been increasing year by year.
    - Now fish is more expensive than meat.
    - Therefore I'm worried about that, because Japanese often eat fish.
* c) What would happen if many fish became extinct?
    - Many countries including Japan will have a big problem.
    - A change of ecosystem in the sea will affect a lot of things, I think.
    - However, we can't predict the results of the change.
* d) Would you order a jellyfish dish in a restaurant?
    - Yes, I would provided that it tastes good.
    - I have already eaten Chinese dishes using jellyfish.
    - I like the crunchy texture.
* e) Do you have a favourite fish dish?
    - Yes, I have. My favourite fish dish is Sashimi.
    - I love especially sashimi of yellowtail fish.
* f) What do you think of fish?
    - I love fish because it tastes very good.
* g) What do you think of sea cucumbers?
    - I don't like it too much.
    - In Japan vinegared sea cucumber is the most popular cooking method.
    - However, I don't like vinegared dishes.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the researchers?
    - I'd like to ask the researchers whether or not 
        jellyfish can replace with the fish in "fish and chips?".
    - Because I love fish and chips.
    - However, I can't imagine the taste of "jellyfish and chips".

### Vocabulary

* endanger
    - to put someone or something in danger of being hurt, damaged, or destroyed
* fishery
    - a part of the sea where fish are caught in large numbers / a fish farm
* squishy
    - soft and easy to press
* sea cucumber
    - なまこ

## Speaking: 38-41

1. She has never heard her husband speak English.
2. Have you ever eaten Spanish food so far?
3. This is a toy which is loved by children all over the world.
4. Turn off the TV at once.
5. Who was waiting for him?
6. The milk was too hot for her to drink.
7. I don't know who broke the vase.
8. What time are you going to ~~wake~~ **get** up tomorrow?
9. How old is their father?
10. Although the traffic lights turned red, the car didn't stop.

1. He has been playing the piano for more than two hours.
2. What did you give your wife for her birthday last year?
3. He often asks his son to wash his car.
4. I'm busier than you.
5. That may be his dog.
6. My aunt was a teacher when she was young.
7. She has a friend who runs a popular restaurant.
8. That old man looks very sleepy.
9. The shooting star was seen by many people.
10. I'll be more careful next time.

1. Learning that language is not easy.
2. Tom and John went to bed before ten yesterday.
3. Emily saw the man get into the bank.
4. When I was a child, I bought the magazine **every week**.
5. I wonder what time this train will arrive at Tokyo.
    - I wonder what time this train will get to Tokyo.
6. Is the gentleman who is reading the newspaper on the bench Mr.Brown?
7. That car must be his.
8. It's already nine.
9. He was surprised to hear the result.
10. The children ~~was~~ **were** so noisy that I couldn't read the newspaper.

1. He is one of the most famous writers in the world.
2. How long have they been running?
3. His son will be a good doctor in the future.
4. Whose shoes are those?
    - They are his.
5. My watch is cheaper than his.
6. Why does she want to go to China?
7. The news I heard was very weird.
8. This coffee tastes bitter.
9. She took many pictures there.
10. Although the book was expensive, the boy bought it.
