+++
title =  "2020-07-10: Touchstone-3 Unit-11 Lesson.D"
date = 2020-07-10T19:08:25+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life"]
+++

# Unit-11: Impressions

## Lesson.D: Making an impression

### 1. Reading

#### A. Answer two questions below

* What kinds of cultural activities are available in your area?
    - There are many activities in my area.
    - For instance, ping-pong, walking, yoga, various dances, orchestra, calligraphy, cooking and so on.
* Have you ever participated in any of them?
    - However, I haven't participated in any of them.
    - Because I want to enjoy my hobby or something interesting freely, in my way.
    - If you participated in any of them, you would have to do something what someone of the cultural club wants you to do, I think.

#### B. How does El Sistema benefit young people?

El Sistema helps young people overcome academic, social, and economic obstacles.
Not only that, El Sistema produces many professional musicians.

It's excellent and amazing system, I think.
Too much spare time effects badly most people,
especially young people who don't know what to do and what they want to do.
As the article says, those young people tend to turn to crime.
When I was a child, I was busy to play with my friends.
I went to mountain and river, or played baseball, soccer,
hide and seek, or cops and robbers, video games and so on. 

##### Summary

El Sistema helps young people overcome academic, social, and economic obstacles.
Not only that, El Sistema produces many professional musicians.
And now, many countries have introduced the sysmte like El Sistema.

#### C. Read six people's comments about El Sistema. Are their impressions correct? Write Yes or No. Find evidence in the article to support your answer.

1. A program like that can't really work. I mean, they can't teach them to play advanced pieces.
    - No.
    - As soon as the children are good enough, they teach the younger ones.
2. The children must spend hours practicing.
    - Yes.
    - The children must practice after school every day and on weekends.
3. Sir Simon Rattle must be really impressed with the program.
    - Yes.
    - He said that there is nothing more important in the world of music than what is happening in Venezuela.
4. Some of the students may come from wealthy families. 
    - No.
    - The program aims to improve the lives of disadvantaged children and their families.
5. They must get a lot of their money from arts and music organizations.
    - No.
    - Most of the program's funding comes from social service agencies rather than cultural organizations.
6. Programs like that can't work in other counties, though.
    - No.
    - Many countries have since copied El Sistema's model.

### Vocabularies
* What does 'he is quoted as saying' mean?


### 2. Listening and speaking: People making a difference

#### A. Look at the people and the organizations they are involved with. Can you guess what the organizations do?

1. Kids Saving the Rainforest
    - The organization tells children about ecosystem of the rainforest, climate change and a nature-friendly way of life.
2. Cambodian Living Arts
    - The organization presents performances of traditional music and tradition dance in traditional costumes.
3. The international Book Project
    - The organization donates many books to disadvantaged children and their families.

#### B. Listen to three conversations about the people and organizations above. Write three things each organization does. Were your guesses correct?

1. Kids Saving the Rainforest
    1. plant trees
    1. save animals
    1. hold kids camp and build library.
2. Cambodian Living Arts
    1. writing about Cambodian Living Arts
    1. teach traditional music to preserve Cambodian music
    1. organize concert
3. The international Book Project
    1. send books people all around the world
    1. to help students to work in the organization and produce cultural exchanges
    1. build libraries

#### C. How does each student plan to get involved with the organization? Take notes.


#### D. Think of a volunteer project you could start. Who would it help? What would it do?
