+++
title =  "2020-12-04: English"
date = 2020-12-04T09:38:43+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2020/12/04 lesson: Everyday Idioms (Patience and Nervousness)

### Homework

My wife often complains about her boss.
She said that he sometimes jumps the gun and makes mistakes.
Moreover, her boss can't sit tight until others finish speaking.
When a staff is taking her own sweet time reporting the progress,
he is about to get pissed off.
Therefore other staffs are always wound up.
He is like trying staffs' patience.
She was on edge to change her job and then she was decided to do that.
So, she was on pins and needles waiting for the day to quit her job.
Nobody can told her to hold her horses.

### Vocabulary

#### hold one's horses
wait a moment or be patient (often because you are moving too quickly or thoughtlessly)

#### take one's own sweet time
to do something as slowly as one wants even though other people want one to act more quickly

#### sit tight
1. to stay where you are and not move
2. to stay in the same situation, and not change your mind and do anything new

#### try somebody's patience
to make someone feel impatient

#### jump the gun
to start doing something too soon, especially without thinking about it carefully

#### on edge
nervous, especially because you are expecting something unpleasant to happen

#### on pins and needles
to be very nervous and unable to relax, especially because you are waiting for something important

#### be wound up
anxious, worried, or excited

- - -

## Speaking: 67-70

1. They don't look busy.
2. She speaks English the best of all of us.
    - She speaks English better than any of us.
3. It's dangerous for women to walk alone **in** this area.
4. Do you remember the night when we went to that party?
5. The boy was very shy.
6. Since she felt ~~bad~~ **sick**, she didn't ~~get~~ **go** out.
7. Although the man is old, he is stronger than you.
8. What did he put on the table?
9. The girl whose father is a writer likes reading.
10. He isn't good at telling jokes.

1. Where did the children go to play baseball?
2. Do you know which car is the most expensive?
3. My grandmother likes talking with young people.
4. He doesn't know how old his grandmother is.
5. Doesn't Mary like dogs?
    - No, she doesn't.
6. He made me sing.
7. Let's have her do this work.
8. I've never been spoken to by that man.
9. Look at the cat which is drinking milk.
10. Eat this, or she will get angry.

1. I read the story last night.
2. Did she find him attractive?
3. The boy who was born in India lives in Germany **now**.
4. What he said surprised everyone.
5. She has been driving for more than three hours.
6. The poem was short enough for me to remember.
7. The cat lived to be twenty-three years old.
8. I want you to turn off the TV.
9. Bob is the most diligent of the boys.
10. Did she make a mistake?

1. Did your father graduate from this school?
    - Yes, he did.
2. **Now** Shall we have dinner?
3. It may snow tomorrow.
4. Did you go to the movie**s** with her last week?
    - No, I didn't.
5. I believe everything will go well.
6. It has snowed three times since January.
7. She has a dog which has blue eyes.
8. When was their house built?
9. I'm glad to hear they got married.
10. I came her to see your father.
