+++
title =  "2020-09-08: English"
date = 2020-09-08T09:21:13+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking 4-13 Training 13

### Try.1

1. He was going to visit his grand-mother that day.
2. ~~Did~~ **Do** you often stay **at** this hotel?
    - Yes, I ~~did~~ **do**.
3. Mr. Green lives ~~at the~~ **in the** wonderful house that ~~have~~ **has** a beautiful garden.
4. Tell me where you found it.
5. Does he work longer than ~~others~~ **the other people**?
    - Yes, he does.
6. There will be many/**a lot of** people here tomorrow.
7. After ~~the boy~~ **he** did ~~the~~ **his** homework, ~~he~~ **the boy** played with his friends ~~at~~ **in** the park.
8. They look very happy.
9. She was with her sister all day ~~long~~.
10. Mary is as beautiful as Nancy.

### Try.2

1. Do you often stay at this hotel?
    - Yes, I do.
2. After he did his homework, the boy played with his friends in the park.
3. Tell me where you found it.
4. They look very happy.
5. He was going to visit his grandmother that day.
6. There will be a lot of people here tomorrow.
7. Mr. Green lives in a **wonderful** house that has a beautiful garden.
8. She was with ~~his~~ **her** sister all day.
9. Does he work longer than **the** other people?
    - Yes, he does.
10. Mary is as beautiful as Nancy.

## Listening: 2-12

### MODE-1

1. She wants to visit the museum tomorrow.
2. They have Japanese tapes for the general tour and Parthenon tour.
3. There shouldn't be crowded in the museum tomorrow.

### MODE-2

1. The woman who called to the museum would like to visit the museum tomorrow.
2. They have Japanese tapes for the general tour and Parthenon tour.
3. The museum shouldn't be particularly crowded tomorrow.

### MODE-3

The answer is the same as MODE-2.

### Answer

1. She'd like to tour the museum tomorrow.
2. They have Japanese tapes for the general tour and the Parthenon tour.
3. Because tomorrow shouldn't be particularly crowded.

## Writing: 1st April, 2020 - Astronaut pee could help build moon bases

### Summary

Accroding to scientists, urine can be used for buildings on the Moon.
A new kind of concrete could be made with moon dust and the urine passed by astronauts.
If we could use it for buildings,
we don't need to take many materials from Earth to the Moon and it also could save a lot of money,
so, we could build a permanent moon base.

### Discussion

* a. What do you think about what you read?
    - I believe that this idea allows us to live on the Moon.
* b. What do you think water on the Moon is like?
    - I've heard ~~of~~ that the water on the Moon is iced.
* c. What would a moon town be like?
    - It **would** stand~~s~~ on a crater of the Moon and it has a thick dome, I think.
    - Because the Moon doesn't have enough air. That is, it doesn't have any shield protecting from things of the space.
    - For example, there ~~are~~ **is** radiation from the Sun or a meteorite from ~~the~~ space, a moon town can't protect from those things.
    - Therefore, the moon town need**s** to have ~~the~~ **a** thick dome to protect instead of air.
* d. What kind of people become astronauts?
    - In my opinion, astronauts are tactful and patient.
    - Because there will be just small space in a spaceship and a base of the Moon.
    - In addition lots of problems will happen anytime.
    - For example, there will be air leak, machine trouble, accidents, diseases or anything.
    - They need to deel with those things well.
    - So, they need to be not only smart and nice but also tactful and patient.
* e. What do astronauts do every day?
    - I think that they exercise themselves, maintain machines and conduct various experiments.
* f. What three things would you take to a moon base?
    - I would take my latop, bike and camera.
    - Because I'd like to write diaries using a laptop, go somewhere on the Moon riding the bike and take lots of pictures with my camera.
* g. What buildings do you think will be on the Moon one day?
    - I think that there will be an amusement park on the Moon in the far future.
    - Because there will be many tourists on the Moon at that time.
* h. What questions would you like to ask the scientists?
    - I'd like to ask the scientists about a space elevator.
    - Because I think it can allow us to visit the Moon easily.
