+++
title =  "2020-11-26: English"
date = 2020-11-26T12:00:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 11/26 lesson: EVERYDAY IDIOMS Unit 04

### Notes

I'd better use "even though", "instead", or "moreover" for conjunction, not "so" or "and".

### Have you ever been stuck in a traffic?

Yes, I have. I've been stuck in a traffic during consecutive holidays.
Because there are several consecutive holidays in Japan.
As the result, many Japanese go on a trip at the same time.
Once you were caught in a traffic jam, you can't pick up the speed and
you have to inch along even if you were in a hurry.
If you move at a snail's pace on a highway, you should be careful very much.
Because some drivers may hurry up to carry something products.
Thus, they may be not able to slow down without noticing the traffic jam.
Therefore, you should flick a hazard lamp to notify the traffic jam to them who drive on the double.

### Have you felt stuck in what you are learning?

I'm feeling stuck in my English and technical skills.
Because although I'm trying to learn those things in a rush,
my progress inches along like at a snail's place actually.
I have no idea to pick up the pace to learn.
My learning pace have been slow down in a few days.
Because I can't feel my progress, I guess.
I want to learn them on the double though.

### Idioms

* in a hurry/rush/
* hurry up/step on it/shake a leg
* on the double
* pick up
* slow down
* inch along
* at a snail's pace

- - -

## Speaking: 4-65

### Try.1

1. I ~~will~~ **am going to** ask her to do this work.
2. Did he have to run to ~~get on~~ **catch** the bus?
  - Yes, he did.
3. Why do we have to take care **of** this dog?
4. ~~Do you want an another cup of coffee?~~
  - **Will you have another cup of coffee?**
  - ~~Yes, I do.~~
  - Yes, please.
5. He went for ~~drinking~~ **a drink** with his friends after he called ~~to~~ his wife.
6. That is the boy whose mother teaches science at ~~the~~ school.
7. Let's clean up this room before they come.
8. Is the language ~~which is~~ spoken in that country French or German?
9. My son doesn't like studying math.
10. The boy grew up ~~and~~ **to be** ~~became~~ a great writer.

### Try.2

1. Is the language spoken in that country French or German?
2. Will you have another cup of coffee?
  - Yes, please.
3. The boy grew up to be a great writer.
4. Let's clean this room before they come.
5. Why do we have to take care of this dog?
6. That is the boy whose mother teaches science at school.
7. After he called his wife he went for a drink with his friends.
8. Did he have to run to catch the bus?
  - Yes, he did.
9. I'm going to ask her to do this work.
10. My son doesn't like studying math.
