+++
title =  "2020-10-05: English"
date = 2020-10-05T09:49:42+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## How am I donig today?

I'm doing good.
Last Saturday, I had my hair cut.
I feel my head became lighter than before.
And it's good for surfing.

Did I mention my plan to go on a trip to Okinawa before?
I'm decided to go on a trip to Okinawa next January.
My wife's birthday is in January.
The reason I decided to go on the trip is because I'm little bored of staying home and 
I want to go somewhere with Japanese government support.
Japanese government discounts travel fee to help boost economy.  
Japanese government pay for a part of travel fee from tax, that is to say, I paid for it.
Therefore, I don't want to lose money by not traveling.

## TED Talk

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iE9HMudybyc&list=PLua6pzs27dr-8LcGht9GjkjAlidA_JCNT&index=13

### Summary

walk and talk, talk the walk.

We'd better walk more even whilst working.
Walking can make you healthy and bring you flexible and flesh thinking.
So, we should walk and talk.

### Vocabulary

* tush
    - the part of your body that you sit on
* prevalent
    - common at a particular time, in a particular place, or among a particular group of people
* consequence
    - something that happens as a result of a particular action or set of conditions
* convince 
    - to make someone feel certain that something is true
* duff
    - the part of your body that you sit on
* huff and puff
    - to breathe out in a noisy way, especially when you do something that involves a lot of physical effort
    - to show clearly that you strongly disagree with or are annoyed about something
* fluorescent
    -  fluorescent colours are very bright and easy to see, even in the dark
* obligation
    - a moral or legal duty to do something
* opposition
    - strong disagreement with, or protest against, something such as a plan, law or system
* frame
    - to organize and develop a plan, system etc
* doable
    - able to be done or completed
* viable
    - a viable idea, plan, or method can work successfully
* reflective
    - thinking quietly about something

## Writing Part2 (33, 34, 36)

33. Do you like playing video games?
    - I liked playing video games before.
    - Because I didn't have video games when I was a child although I liked it.
    - So, I bought it and used to play it when I became an adult.
    - However, I don't play now because I feel it wastes my time.
34. What winter activity do you like?
    - I like surfing in winter.
    - Because there are better waves for surfing in winter than summer in the area where I live.
    - Moreover, there is less crowded and you can see beautiful Mt.Fuji whilst surfing.
    - You can enjoy surfing during the year, not only in summer.
36. Do you like bento boxes from convenience stores?
    - I liked bento boxes from convenience stores before.
    - Because you can choose a variety of bento boxes there.
    - My favorite was Makunouchi bento box because you can enjoy many kinds of side dishes. 
    - However, I don't buy bento boxes because I care about my health now.

## Speaking: 4-(26-29)

1. Do you want me to read this article?
    - Yes, I do.
2. Do you eat spaghetti every day?
    - Yes, I do
3. She went back to England for Christmas.
4. When did he ~~went~~ **go** to India?
5. Peter is the tallest student in this school
6. She is as beautiful as a rose.
7. That woman can speak twenty languages.
8. The cat which is sleeping on the sofa is Tama.
9. I think she is older than Tom.
10. What he said may be true.

1. She is beautiful and intelligent.
2. I've never read the poem.
3. Since he was very hungry, he couldn't sleep.
4. When he came back, she felt happy.
5. It will be a lot of fun to study at this school.
6. She ~~saw~~ **looked up at** the shining star.
7. He had enough money to buy the house.
8. You must do your home work before you watch TV.
9. That is the man everyone in the town respects.
10. Why did Tom eat nothing yesterday?

1. Where did you see his sister?
2. I wonder who wrote such a beautiful poem.
3. His joke made her laugh.
4. He didn't say he knew her.
5. How fat that man is!
6. Is that your jacket or his?
    - It's his.
7. Were there a lot of things to see in that town?
8. Did he say anything?
9. The girl had a basket which is full of flowers.
10. She likes winter better than summer.

1. She sees him once a month.
2. That is the chair my son made.
3. Why can he speak Japanese so well?
4. She will never see them again?
5. Bob's car broke down on the way there.
6. Call me again after ten o'clock.
7. I want to take my wife to Paris.
8. Where did your daughter find this book?
9. I want you to listen to this song again.
10. You mustn't smoke here.

## Review today's lesson

### Tips for making a proposition

You should say the following thing before you make your proposition to your boss.
"Let me present my proposal for our company."
In addition, after your proposal, you can say "I'd like to know your thoughts".

* As you're aware
    - if you are bringing up a topic that your audience already knows.
* We have to remember
    - emphasizing point the most important aprt
* In other words
    - Restarting your point
* What are your thoughts
    - What is your opinion

### Vocabulary

* prevalent
    - common at a particular time, in a particular place, or among a particular group of people
* consequence
    - something that happens as a result of a particular action or set of conditions
* convince 
    - to make someone feel certain that something is true
* huff and puff
    - to breathe out in a noisy way, especially when you do something that involves a lot of physical effort
    - to show clearly that you strongly disagree with or are annoyed about something
* obligation
    - a moral or legal duty to do something
* opposition
    - strong disagreement with, or protest against, something such as a plan, law or system
* frame
    - to organize and develop a plan, system etc
* doable
    - able to be done or completed
* viable
    - a viable idea, plan, or method can work successfully
* reflective
    - thinking quietly about something
* takeaway
    - a main message or piece of information that you learn from something you hear or read
* fit in
    1. if someone fits in, they are accepted by the other people in a group
        - If you don't fit in there, you ought to move from there.
* odd
    1. different from what is normal or expected, especially in a way that you disapprove of or cannot understand
        - She is very odd, so I like her. 
* out of the box
    - is an expression that describes creative thinking or ideas
* get off your duff
    - get moving, become active

### EXamples using the vocabulary I didn't know

* prevalent
    - Many Japanese believe that the reason is that Japan has less infected with coronavirus than the USA,
      because wearing a mask is prevalent in Japan.
    - K-pop is especially prevalent among younger teenagers.
    - The coronavirus are more prevalent among older people.
* consequence
    - This continuous pandemic can have serious consequences for economy.
    - You must not take a high risk of finance, or you can have serious consequences.
    - I believe I can improve my English skill as a consequence of learning English every day.
* convince 
    - Nobody can convince Mr.Trump that wearing a mask is useful.
    - He's hard to convince.
    - It's more important to get someone's sympathy rather than to convince him or her.
* huff and puff
    - When I go surfing after a typhoon, I always huff and puff.
    - I was huff and puff by the time I'd got outside under the typhoon because I'd needed to dive under lots of waves.
* obligation
    - We have an obligation to pay taxes.
    - We must fulfill our obligation, or we must be punished.
    - I don't want to have any obligation if I could.
* opposition
    - A new idea usually faces opposition from many people.
    - A new idea always meets with strong opposition.
* doable, viable
    - It's always difficult to make a doable and viable plan.
    - What you say is viable and doable, I think.
* takeaway
    - It's important for speech to express a key takeaway concisely.
* fit in, odd
    - Even if you don't fit in some group, you don't have to think yourself odd.
      You can find a group you fit in.
    - If you don't fit in there, you ought to move from there.
    - She is very odd, so I like her. 
* out of the box, get off your duff
    - If you want to do out-of-the-box thinking, you must get off your duff.
    - It's difficult to find a out-of-the-box idea.
    - Don't keep staying at the same place, get off your duff.
* aware
    - I was aware of his mistake, so I fixed it secretly.
    - As you're aware, climate change has already begun.

