+++
title =  "2020-12-29: English"
date = 2020-12-29T11:00:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2020/12/29 lesson

### Phrasal verbs (on)

#### try on
putting on a piece of clothing to see whether it fits and whether you like it

- I always try my clothing on because I don't see if it fits to me unless I put it on.
- She always takes a long time to try on clothes she's going to buy.
- It's difficult to buy shoes without trying them on.

#### put on a brave face
pretending to have particular feeling or behave in a way that is not real or natural for you

- He usually puts on a smile face however he doesn't smile actually, it's scary for me.
- I don't like people who put on a smart face, because they are really stupid.
- She always puts on a victim's face, but she uses it for cheating others.

#### put-on (adjective)
pretend or not genuine, from the verb put on

- His kindness is put-on, so I will keep a distance from him.
- Her strength is put-on, in fact she is sensitive.
- His intelligence is put-on, he doesn't thiking anything at all actually.

#### got something weighing on my mind
worrying or upsetting

- I'm sure there's something weighing on her mind but she puts on a cheerful face.
- She must get something weighing on her mind, she's crying.
- I have something weighing on my mind, it's changing my job.

#### rely/depend/count on someone
be confident that someone will help you

- We always rely on scientists and doctors who is fighting against virus, so we need to do something help for them.
- All children want to depend on their parents.
- No one lives without counting on the others. We all should cooperate with each other.

#### keep on
continue to do something

- To improve some skill, I need to keep on studying every day.
- Keep on moving, or you will be caught by old traditions.
- I want to keep on living simply. 

#### pass it on
give

- Could you please pass the salt and pepper on to next, after you use it?
- Please pass the soy sauce on to me.
- You should ask someone to pass it on to you, not reaching for it.
    That's the manner on the dining table.

### Phrasal verbs (in)

#### call in
visit a place or person for a short time, usually when you are going somewhere else

- If I visit England next time, I will call in my friend's house.
- Please call in my house, when you visit Japan.
- I don't call in my friends without informing in advance.

#### take in
make a piece of clothing narrower

- My father gave me his jacket but it was bit bigger for me, so I took it in.
- I got a jacket at the secondhand clothing store, but it was a bit bigger for me so I took it in.

#### rub in
put a substance on the surface of something and rub it so that it goes into the surface

- I have dry skin so I rub the cream in with my body after taking a shower.
- I ruby a cream in with my feet before I go to bed.

#### lock in
prevents someone from leaving a room or building by locking the doors

- My company has some strict security rooms and I have been sometimes locked in.
- My key was locked in inside the room, so that I can't get into the room.

#### push in
rudely join a line of people who are waiting by going in front of some of the people who are already there

- I have pushed in a line without knowing it.
- The old man pushed in the line where I was waiting.

#### sink in
start to be believed (used about something unpleasant or surprising, which usually has implications)

- He paused to let the news sink in, because he didn't understand that at once.
- At first I didn't understand what he said, but his words is sinking in my mind.
