+++
title =  "2020-02-12: A trip to Sapporo"
date = 2020-02-12T22:00:00+09:00
tags = ["private life", "trip"]
+++

I went to Sapporo last weekend.
It was the first time to visit Sapporo for me.
I enjoyed a snowy landscape, Snow festival, and food and drink, of course.
It was an amazing trip totally.

When I arrived at Chitose airport, it was not much cold.
I felt it was the same temperature as Kanagawa.
It was negative two degrees in Sapporo and positive two degrees in Kanagawa, actually.
It was just a little bit difference.
On the other hand, the view was quit different,
there's lots of snow and lots of glare from the snow,
it was a so beautiful landscape.

And then, I took a train from Chitose airport to Sapporo station.
The train was crowded with tourists, however, at Sapporo station and the city,
as far as I saw it, there was not so many people.
A taxi driver said,
"There are very few Chinese tourists this year due to corona virus, it's a little bit sorry.
 However, a different way of looking at this situation, you are lucky.
 You can look around the snow festival comfortably.
 Moreover, this week is good for the snow festival.
 Because it started snowing last week and will stop snowing next week."
Yeah, I was lucky. 

At the next day, I went to the snow festival.
There were lots of snow and ice sculptures, they were so fantastic.
Furthermore, there was a massive jump ramp for skis and snowboards.
Several ski players jumped and flew from the ramp, they were so crazy.
I really enjoyed it.

But unfortunately, my wife felt bad due to sort of heat attack, not having a cold.
Because she put on a lot of clothes under her coat.
Actually, you don't have to put on many clothes, even it's negative fourteen degrees,
provided that you block the freezing wind with a coat, cap, gloves, and muffler.
Because Sapporo city has a huge underground shopping area,
so you don't have to put on a coat there and you can access the main area in the city.
Anyway, we were going to go dog sled or snow sliders next the day,
but we decided to enjoy local food and drink instead.

We enjoyed local foods and drink very much actually,
such as Soup curry, Jingisukan, Miso Ramen,
and lots of seafood, scallop, Red king crab, Snow crab, Hair crab,
sweet shrimp, oyster, tuna, salmon, salmon roe, etc.
Especially I liked Salmon Rui-be.
Rui-be is a traditional speciality of the Ainu people who are native Hokkaido people.
Salmon Rui-be is raw salmon and salmon roe marinated in soy sauce and frozen.
It's really amazing tasty.
And we went to local Sake brewery and also souvenir shops, and bought many souvenirs.
We ate and drank some of them in our hotel though.

Finally, I really enjoyed the trip to Sapporo.
But it was not enough time to enjoy all Hokkaido.
I will visit Hokkaido again, definitely.
