+++
title =  "2020-10-28: English"
date = 2020-10-28T09:49:32+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Breaking Nes: UK government votes against free meals for poorer children

The UK government voted against giving poor children free school lunches during the school holidays. Only five politicians in the ruling Conservative party voted to help poorer children with a daily lunch. A huge majority of the government voted against the weekly $20-perchild food voucher. The government is now under pressure to make a U-turn. It made a U-turn in the summer over free school meals. The Manchester United footballer Marcus Rashford started a successful campaign to get the government to reverse its decision not to provide school lunches for poorer children during the coronavirus pandemic. Mr Rashford has started another campaign to pressure the government into another U-turn.

The UK government is under growing pressure to Uturn. The British public is furious that politicians are refusing to provide the food vouchers. For many children, the voucher would mean getting their only proper meal of the day during the holidays. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said he would not U-turn. He said: "I totally understand the issue of holiday hunger". Many people on social media said Mr Johnson does not understand hunger because he comes from a wealthy family and has always had money. People are angry COVID-19 track-and-trace consultants are paid over $8,000 a day but children cannot have a $20 food voucher. Many stores across the UK are banning politicians from their businesses.

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - I don't understand the politicians in the UK voted against the law.
* b) What do you think the UK government will do?
    - I think the UK goverment will give the voucher for poor children. 
* c) What did you have for lunch when you were at school?
    - When I was a student, I took a lunch box made by my mother. 
* d) Why do rich politicians say they understand poor people's lives?
    - Because they want to make a excuse for doing that, I guess.
* e) What do you think of wealthy politicians?
    - I don't care about his or her wealth.
* f) Should track-and-trace consultants be paid $8,000 a day?
    - I don't know about what they're doing as track-and-trace consultants.
    - So, I have no idea whether or not the job worths for $8,000 a day.
* g) Are businesses right to ban politicians?
    - No, they aren't.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the UK government?
    - I want to ask them whey they voted against that.

- - -

## Speaking: 44

### Try.1

1. Did she believe that he was a doctor?
    - Yes, she did.
2. What is **the most** important for you?
3. They want to know what the boy found.
4. He was glad/**happy** to see his old friends.
5. Does she have many/**a lot of** friends?
    - Yes, she does.
6. These are her father's cars.
7. Did he look tired?
8. Do those children live in this town?
    - No, they don't.
9. How kind that policeman was!
10. The man she ~~goes out~~ **is going out with** is tall and handsome.

### Try.2

1. Did he look tired?
2. Did she believe he was a doctor?
    - Yes, she did.
3. The man she is going out with is tall and handsome.
4. How kind that policeman was!
5. Do those children live in this town?
    - No, they don't.
6. These are her father's cars.
7. He was happy to see his old friends.
8. What is the most important for you?
9. They want to know what the boy found.
10. Does she have a lot of friends?
    - Yes, she does.




