+++
title =  "2020-11-05: English"
date = 2020-11-05T09:54:28+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## English 11/05 lesson

### Receive the e-mail

Dear Mr. Nao, 
A pleasant evening to you Mr. Nao.
I hope you are doing well in spite of this very busy week.
I am writing to inform you about our meeting this Monday, November 9 2020 in the afternoon. 

We are going to discuss about the new software updates.
In regards to this, I would like you to prepare a short report about the new system.
Moreover, could you send me a draft of your report before presenting it on Monday.  

I appreciate your utmost effort.
Please respond at your earliest convenience. 

Best Regards, 
Yvee  

### Respond the e-mail

Dear Ms. Yvee,
Thank you for your e-mail informing me about the next meeting.
I am writing to request that you change the schedule of the meeting and the deadline of the report.

I have to go on a business trip next Monday, 
so I would like you to put off the date of the meeting until next Thursday, November 12 2020.
Anytime will be acceptable for me that day.
In addition, according to the change, I would like to send you the draft of the report next Tuesday.
If this schedule is inconvenient for you, please tell me a substitute for the date.

I am sorry for this sudden change.
I would like to ask for your kind cooperation.

Sincerely yours,
Naoki Morita

### Feedback from Yvee

Dear Ms. Yvee,
Thank you for your e-mail informing me about the next meeting.
I am writing to request that you change the schedule of the meeting and the deadline of the report.

**I'm afraid** I have to go on a business trip next Monday, 
so I would like you to put off the date of the meeting until next Thursday, November 12 2020.
Anytime will be acceptable for me that day.
~~In addition,~~ /according to/**in regards to / with regards to** the change **of the schedule**, 
~~I would like to send you the draft of the report next Tuesday.~~
**Would it be possible for me to send the draft of the report next Tuesday?**
If this schedule is inconvenient for you, 
please tell me ~~a substitute for the date~~ **your most preferable date**.

I ~~am sorry~~ **apologize** for this sudden change.
I would like to ask for your ~~kind cooperation~~ **consideration**.

Sincerely yours,
Naoki Morita

### Final answer

Dear Ms.Yvee,
Thank your for your e-mail informing me about the next meeting.
I am writing to request that you change the schedule of the meeting and the deadline of the report.

I'm afraid I have to go on a business trip next Monday,
so I would like you to put off the date of the meeting until next Thursday, November 12 2020.
Anytime will be acceptable for me that day.
In regards to the change of the schedule,
would it be possible for me to send the draft of the report next Tuesday?
If this schedule is inconvenient for you, please tell me your most preferable date.

I apologize for this sudden change.
I would like to ask for your consideration.

Sincerely yours,
Naoki Morita

### Another response

Dear Ms.Yvee,
Thank you for your e-mail reminding me about the meeting and the report.
I will send you the draft until this Monday.
In addition, I am writing to propose that I give you a demo of the new software update in the next meeting.

We would like to develop a new feature of the software.
so would it be possible for me to demonstrate the new feature in the next meeting? 
If this is inconvenient for you, could you hold an another meeting for our demonstration?

I would like to ask for your consideration.

Sincerely yours,
Naoki Morita

- - -

## Writing: Part2 (67, 68, 69)

67. Are you a tidy person?
    - No, I'm not a tidy person actually.
    - However, my wife is always neat and tidy, so I follow in her style.
    - For instance, before I lived with her, I occasionally washed a bed sheet, like once every two months.
    - After living with her, I washes a bed sheet at least every two weeks.
    - Therefore, I could be bit tidier than before.
68. What things do you consider when shopping?
    - I just care a shopping list when shopping.
    - Before shopping, I consider what to buy and make a shopping list.
    - Because I might buy unnecessary things unless I have a shopping list.
    - For instance, although I already have some carrots, I may buy carrots. That is, I may forget it.
    - Therefore, I need a shopping list when shopping.
69. What is your opinion about charging disposal garbage?
    - I think it's obvious necessary.
    - Because to dispose garbage takes cost.
    - For instance, we need to have someone burn it or bury it using a machinery.
    - Therefore, we need to pay for the disposal garbage.

## Speaking: 4-50

### Try.1

1. His mother asked him to post the letter on ~~his~~ **the** way.
2. Has he read the letter yet?
    - No, he hasn't.
3. Do you think Helen ~~falls~~ **is in** love?
4. It will be necessary for you to study ~~in a foreign country~~ **abroad**.
5. Please tell me when to come here next time.
6. My brother always makes me ~~to~~ do what he doesn't want to do.
7. He left the office ~~earlier~~ **early** to ~~meet~~ **see** his girlfriend.
8. The man may be Tom's father.
9. This book is the most interesting ~~among the five books~~ **of the five**.
10. Is German more difficult than English?

### Try.2

1. Has he read the letter yet?
    - No, he hasn't.
2. Please tell me when to come here next time.
3. Is German more difficult than English?
4. He left the office early to see his girlfriend.
5. The man may be Tom's father.
6. My brother always make**s** me do what he doesn't want to do.
7. Do you think Helen is in love?
8. It will be necessary for you to study abroad.
9. His mother asked him to post the letter on the way.
10. This book is the most interesting of **the** five.
