+++
title =  "2020-10-18: English"
date = 2020-10-18T18:33:56+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-(34-37)

1. Does the milk taste sour?
    - No, it doesn't.
2. My father likes taking pictures of flowers.
3. Let Bob read the book.
4. I found the movie very interesting.
5. When I was doing my homework **yesterday**, my brother helped me.
6. The story he wrote was very interesting.
7. Walk as slowly as you can.
8. Tell Tom to come her at once.
9. Mr.Brown is going to come to this town next week.
10. I'm the happiest man in the world now.

1. Do you know how long Emily has lived in this town?
2. He had to be carried to the hospital.
3. That is the car which is very expensive.
    - That is a very expensive car.
4. She has blue eyes.
5. Please show me the pictures you took in Paris.
6. If he enters that school, he will have to study many subjects.
7. You mustn't watch TV here.
8. Did he write his name with this pen?
    - Yes, he did.
9. Is baseball more popular than tennis in your country?
10. The boy jumped as high as he could.

1. Is this the key you're looking for?
    - Yes, it is.
2. Tom and Bob enjoyed the dinner cooked by her.
3. His book was on the desk.
4. Her friends call her Liz.
5. He was looking at the moon with his wife.
6. It's warm enough to swim today.
7. There are two cats on her bed.
8. Is John going to teach English in Japan?
    - No, he isn't.
9. He saw a car stop in front of his house.
10. Do you know which girl is Mr.Brown's daughter?

1. This book is more famous than that one.
2. Where did Tom and John get off the bus?
3. The work must be done today.
4. Do they know you well?
    - Yes, they do.
5. I watched TV all day yesterday.
6. It won't be easy to solve this problem.
7. Has he finished writing the book yet?
    - No, he hasn't.
8. What is the strongest animal?
9. Has the apple **been** eaten yet?
10. That is the boy I taught English last year.

