+++
title =  "2020-09-01: English"
date = 2020-09-01T08:40:30+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review the yesterday's lesson.

I couldn't talk well the following things.
* My history about workplace, university and graduate school in my self-introduction
* Why do I prefer rural to urban?

I began to work at Meguro, Tokyo after graduate school.
About two years later, I changed my job.
Because I wanted to develop software.
I had deployed, manage and operate server and network,
however, I found that I liked also programming as well as managing network and server.
So, I wanted to work at place where I could do both.
After changing my job, I worked at Meguro, Tokyo for a while.
And then, I was transferred to Osaka.
I had worked there for about two years, and then I was transferred to Fukuoka, Kyushu.
I had worked there for one year, and then I was transferred to Osaka, again.
Two years later, I moved to Fukuoka, again.
I had worked at Fukuoka and then moved to Yokohama.
And now I'm residing in Kanagawa.

There were lots of transfers in my company.
Now fortunately, I don't have to be transferred due to corona virus.
However, if I was told to move somewhere else, I would change my job.
I'm learning English now, it's preparation for changing my job.

By the way, I've lived in Osaka for university.
I like Osaka culture, like funny is the best.
And I also like Osaka local food, Takoyaki and Okonomiyaki.
After university, I moved to Nara for graduate school.

When I was a child, I wanted to live in urban.
But now, after lots of transfers, I prefer rural to urban.
I like nature, for instance playing in the river, 
surfing in the sea, and camping in the mountain.
I'm not a big fan of urban now.

## Speaking: Unit.9

## Try.1

1. He will finish writing the novel soon.
2. ~~When a phone rang, she woke up soon.~~
    - When the telephone rang, she woke up at once.
3. He asked her where ~~she's going to go.~~
    - He asked her where she was going.
4. I'm going to write ~~some mails in this afternoon.~~
    - I'm going to write a few letters this afternoon.
5. We walked on the road covered with ~~fallen~~ leaves. 
6. This novel is read in many countries.
7. ~~Is it need to read these books for those boys?~~
    - Is it necessary for the children to read these books?
8. After **they ate** dinner, they enjoyed dancing.
9. Would you please bring three chairs?
10. The best English speaker in this class is Ken.
    - The student who speaks English best in this class is Ken.


## Try.2

1. He asked her where she was going.
2. Would you bring three chairs, please?
3. We waked on the road covered with leaves.
4. When the telephone rang, she woke up at once.
5. This novel is read in many countries.
6. I'm going to write a few letters this afternoon.
7. The student who speaks English best in this class is Ken.
8. After they ate dinner, they enjoyed dancing.
9. He will finish writing the novel soon.
10. Is it necessary for the children to read these books?

## Listening: 03

### Mode.1

1. He must write an essay a week.
2. His mother thinks that he is smart and sensible.
3. The environment of his campus is excellent.

### Mode.2

1. He must write an essay every week for his class.
2. His mother thinks that he's always been smart and sensible.
3. The campus is a great environment. building are old, but comfortable.
    And movies, concerts, plays and parties are held on the weekends.

### Mode.3

1. He must write an essay every week for his class.
2. His mother thinks that he's always been smart and sensible.
3. The campus is a great environment. building are old, but comfortable.
    And a lot of fun things are held on the weekends, like movies, concerts, plays and parties.

### Answer examples

1. To write an essay every week.
2. He's always been a good writer. He's always been a smart and sensible kid.
3. It's a great environment. The building are old but comfortable and there are a lot of fun things to do on weekends.

## Writing: 7th May, 2020 - Giant hornets erach North America

* a. What do you know about hornets
* b. What do you think about insects?
* c. What is your favourite insect?
* d. Why are people afraid of insects?
* e. What would you do if ou saw an Asian giant hornet?
* f. Why are honeybees so useful?
* g. What are the differences between hornets and bees?
* h. What is the world's scariest insect?

### Keyrword

* venomous
* beehive
* look out for
* sting, stinger
* thumbtacks
* flesh
* excruciate
* stick around

### Synonym Match

* scary - frighening
* venomuous - poisonous
* entrie - whole
* authorities - officials
* worried - concertned
* cartoon - comic strip
* extremely - very
* driven - forced
* protective - safety
* hurt - pain
