+++
title =  "2020-09-10: English"
date = 2020-09-10T09:22:09+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-15 Training 15

### Try.1

1. Is her mother beautiful?
    - Yes, she is.
2. She wants to see him as often as (possible/she can).
3. It ~~is~~ **will be** difficult to ~~see~~ **meet** the man.
4. My father is reading **the** newspaper now.
5. ~~Are~~ **Is** there anything to eat ~~in the house~~ **at home** ?
6. When ~~will~~ **do** ~~the~~ leaves turn ~~to~~ yellow?
7. I've never ~~seen~~ **met** her.
8. He is ~~the~~ **an** actor ~~who~~ **whom/that** everyone knows.
9. The child began to ~~be loud~~ **cry** when he saw Mt. Fuji.
10. It's so fine**/sunny** today that I don't want to ~~be home~~ **stay at home**.

### Try.2

1. It will be difficult to meat the man.
2. When he saw Mt.Fuji, the child began to cry out.
3. I've never met her.
4. Is her mother beautiful?
    - Yes, she is.
5. It's so sunny today that I don't want to stay at home.
6. Is there anything to eat at home?
7. My father is reading the newspaper **now**.
8. When do leaves turn yellow?
9. She wants to ~~meat~~ **see** him as often as possible.
10. He is an actor whom everyone knows.

### meet vs see

Use **meet** for the first time you see someone or when you are seeing them because you have plans or an appointment.
Use **see** for all other situations.

[mett-vs-see](https://www.instructionalsolutions.com/blog/meet-vs-see)

## Writing: 21st April, 2020 - People want a different life after lockdown

### Summary

According to a survey, most people in the U.K. want different life from before pandemic.
They use cars less and work from home due to lockdown.
In addition, they value food more and cook by themselves, and
they are trying new things and value their neighbours more.

### Discussion

* a. What do you think about life after lockdown?
    - It's very good for me.
    - Because I can work from home without commuting.
    - I feel now that to commute to work have wasted my time a lot.
    - So, I don't want to commute to work any more.
* b. How will people feel when lockdown ends?
    - They will feel free after lifting lockdown, I think.
    - Because they must be frustrated with the lockdown.
    - For example, they can't go on a trip or go to a concert.
    - Therefore, they will be glad to go anywhere they want after lockdown ends.
* c. Will life return to normal after lockdown ends?
    - No, it won't return to the normal before the pandemic.
    - Because people realized that there are a lot of unnecessary things.
    - For instance, commuting to work, drinking after work with their colleagues, or the meetings where they don't decide anything, etc.
    - So, the normal before the pandemic will never return.
* d. Do you want life to return to normal after lockdown finishes?
    - No, I don't think so.
    - Because I'm enjoying working from home without commuting.
    - I want to go on a trip freely like before the pandemic though.
    - So, I want new normal life that there is no unnecessary things.
* e. What will you do differently after lockdown ends?
    - I will go on a trip around the world.
    - Because next pandemic may come again in the future.
    - Next pandemic may be more terrible.
    - Therefore, I want to visit places where I've never been not to regret.
* f. What did you learn about yourself during lockdown?
    - I found that I hate unnecessary commuting and meetings.
    - Because I feel that it wastes my life and time to improve myself.
    - For example, to commute to work makes me stressed and unnecessary meetings are just killing time.
    - I will not waste my life any more.
* g. What can your country learn from this crisis?
    - I think that my country could learn how poor the IT infrastructure is from this crisis. 
    - Because my country couldn't give everyone some money immediately.
    - It's because public officers handled every applications for the money by hand.
    - I believe that my country will begin to build enough IT infrastructure.
* h. What advice do you have for people in lockdown?
    - I have one advice for people in lockdown.
    - That is "enjoy your life under lockdown".
    - Because the worst is that you're infected with coronavirus.
    - If you keep yourself happy, you will be able to protect from the virus.
    - So, you ought to try something new at home and make your life happy.

### Vocabulary

* survey - questionnaire
* data - observed
* return - go back
* change - alter
* appetite - hunger
* noticed - figures
* value - appreciate
* meals - food
* sense - feeling
* things - activities
