+++
title =  "2020 07 07 News"
date = 2020-07-07T14:13:55+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://miro.medium.com/max/4320/1*Oh9b3kP25xyBUBuw_4oOOA.jpeg"
description = "To free from money, find how to make money."
+++

I've read the article below.
Because I want to be free from money.
If I were able to be like that,
I would do only what I really want to and would not do what I don't want to.
I wish that.

[How to Make Money Online When You Have Little to No Money to Start With](https://medium.com/@Chef_BoyarDEJI/how-to-make-money-online-when-you-have-little-to-no-money-to-start-with-5b5e5223fcdb)

The author invested to himself for learning self-publishing by $750 dollars.
The course cost about half his net worth at that time, though.
Five years later, he made multiple six-figures online, quit his job,
and his work reaches millions of readers per year.

The author said that some people don't invest their time or money into their future worth.
Because they don't believe their potential, they are wired to weigh loss more heavily than gains,
and they just look at only the downside of risk.

Fortunately, we can start various online business with little money.
Like, Medium.com, Affiliate marketing, Freelancing, E-commerce(Shopify), Kindle Publishing, and so on.
You can start small and grow over time.
You can come up with the money.
And it doesn't take that much to get started.
It just takes a serious attitude.

You don't need to become a marketing expert to successfully make money online.
And you don't need to be extremely professional,
you don't need a fancy website and expensive equipment.

You need to stick with the fundamental core competencies of your field,
get really good at them, then expand.
Starting a successful online business is similar to getting in shape.
You know what you have to do, but you just need to do it.


