+++
title =  "2020-03-22: Touchstone-3 Unit-8 Lesson.D"
date = 2020-03-22T09:00:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-8: What if?
## Lesson.D: Any regrets?
### 2. Speaking and writing: What would you change?

#### A. If you Had last year to live over again, what would you change? Think of answers to the questions, and make notes below.

Is there ...
* a place you'd go more often?
  - I would go surfing more often.
  - Last year, I didn't go surfing so much.
  - Because, I hurt right hip joint and I didn't have warm wet suits.
  - Now I'm better and bought warm wet suits, so I can surf now.
  - To less high cholesterol, I should do exercise often.
  - If I have to do exercise, I'd like to have fun.
* something you'd take more seriously?
  - I would take corona virus more seriously.
  - The corona virus was found the end of last year. 
  - At first, I didn't take it seriously, it must be calmed down soon, I thought.
  - However it turned out to be outbreak and pandemic.
  - If I could predict that it would be pandemic, I would contract faster Internet line.
  - I'm working from home these days, but I want faster Internet line to download data for my work.
* something you'd worry about less?
  - I would worry less about learning English in Cebu.
  - I worried about learning English in Cebu because I didn't have enough English skill to go to Cebu.
  - I thought that going to Cebu with poor English skills would not be effective enough.
  - But I should have applied for going Cebu earlier.
* a sport of activity you'd try?
  - I would try Stand Up Paddle.
  - It's a sport, riding on a surfboard using a paddle.
  - You can cruise around island and ride on waves.
  - Even if you use a bigger board, you can do yoga on the board.
  - If there were no waves, I could enjoy cruising.
  - Shonan coast have small waves especially in winter.
  - If I could do SUP, I could have enjoyed surfing even if there were no waves.
* a subject you'd study?
  - I would study British history.
  - I visited UK last year, it was interesting and amazing.
  - Furthermore UK has many castles and historical spots, also Nessie.
  - If I knew the histories, I could have had more fun, I'm sure that.

#### C. Read the Help note, and underline the examples of definitely and probably in the article below. Then write an article about changes you would make if you could live your year over again.

If I had last year to live over again,
I would definitely get my trip relaxed.
I definitely wouldn't move many times, and I'd probably stay at one place.
I'd plan to stay on Edinburgh in Scotland for a month,
because Edinburgh is a beautiful city which has old and new buildings, also tasty ales and dishes.
If I stayed longer there, I'd probably enjoy more castles and beautiful scenery. 

- - -
# Vocabulary notebook: Imagine that!

## 1. Read the problem below. Complete the possible solutions with the prepositions about, for, and to.

1. I wouldn't worry <u>about</u> it. People usually forget <u>about</u> things like that.
2. I'd apologize immediately <u>for</u> forgetting the date.
3. I'd offer to pay <u>for</u> dinner another time.
4. I'd tell her I was thinking <u>about</u> things.
5. I wouldn't speak <u>to</u> her until she was less upset.
6. I'd blame my boss <u>for</u> keeping me in a meeting at work.
7. I'd wait <u>for</u> her to finish, and then I'd remind her <u>about</u> the time she didn't meet me.

## 2. Word builder: Find the prepositions that go with the verbs. Then complete the sentences.

1. I agreed <u>with</u> my boss <u>about</u> the best solution.
2. He applied <u>to</u> a job with a software company.
3. I explained the problem <u>to</u> my boss.
4. I forgave my friend <u>for</u> losing my favorite sweater.
5. My neighbor invited me <u>to</u> a party last week.
6. We complained <u>to</u> the neighbors <u>about</u> the noise.
7. My parents blamed me <u>for</u> damaging their car.

## 3 On your own: Write six rules for living, using verbs that take prepositions.

1. Always remember my priorities of life.
2. Always focus my mind on the good side of everything.
3. Always shut away myself until calmed down when I'm upset, not to annoy anyone.
4. Never complain to anyone for what I've done.
5. Never express my negative opinion for any issues.
6. Never give my time to anyone who makes me doing what I don't want.
