+++
title =  "2020-01-06: Touchstone-3 Unit-6 Lesson.D 2.D page.61"
date = 2020-01-06T12:00:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

#### D. Read the Help note. Then read the question and answer with *as long as*, *provided that*, or *unless*.

##### Question
I'm trying to be more organized,
so I decided to record my lectures,
but I never have time to watch them.
Any ideas?

##### Answer
You can't remember what you learned, unless you review your lectures.
So, you ought to find time to review your lectures, however,
you don't have to watch the recordings -
provided that you remember the key points of your lectures.
To put it shortly, you'd better take notes of your lectures.
If you do that, it doesn't take time rather than listening to the recordings.

Some people often said that they don't have time to do something.
If you ask me, they don't put higher priority for what they need or
they don't want to do that in truth.

I think you should put higher priority to review your lectures. 
To put it simply, you've got to review first, and you do others.
You can do what you need, as long as you do that first.
Nevertheless, unless you fine time to do something,
it means that it's not worth for you to do that.

##### Summarized answer
You'd better make shorter the reviewing time by taking notes of your lectures.
You ought to set higher priority for what you need, and you do that first.
That's it.

#### E. Write a question about a time management problem.

My time management problem is that I sometimes waste my time for
watching TV or smart phone without thinking.
I don't want to waste my time.
What should I do?
Do you have any ideas?
