+++
title =  "2020-09-11: English"
date = 2020-09-11T09:36:29+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 09/11 lesson

### If you were to travel this year, where would you like to go?

If I were to travel this year, I'd like to go to Iceland.
Because Iceland has great nature.
For instance it has volcanoes, glaciers, fiord, and aurora.
Therefore, I want to go on a trip to Iceland, I can't go there now due to COVID-19, though.

### How about if you have these four choices, which would you choose?

In the future, I want to go to the Moon.
Because I want to jump high on the Moon.
The moon has a weaker gravity compared to the Earth.
The gravity of the Moon is one sixth of the Earth.
So, I will be able to jump 3 meters high, I think.

### What travel location in Japan do you think would be the mainstream in 2024?

I think Hokkaido will be the mainstream in 2024.
Because it's the coldest place in Japan.
Nowadays, most places in Japan are getting warmer and they might be like tropical.
Therefore, we will be able to see beautiful snow in Hokkaido even in 2024 or 2030s, I believe.

### Tips

Before you express your opinions using OREO, you can tell a number of the reasons to organize your opinion.
For instance, there are three reasons why we should go to the moon rather than the others.

### Vocabularies

* Mouth-watering: highly attractive
* propositions: offers
* bold: not afraid of taking risks and making difficult decisions
* holidaymaker: someone who has travelled to a place on holiday

- - -

## Speaking: 4-16 Training 16

### Try.1

1. My wife has been to Spain many times.
2. Can the bird swim?
3. ~~Have~~ **Has** your son already decided to study at that school?
    - Yes, he has.
4. She likes ~~talking in French~~ **speaking French**.
5. Does she know where the writer was born?
6. ~~A~~ **The** girl whom I teach math is very smart.
7. The boy must get up at 4am every morning.
    - The boy has to get up at four o'clock every morning.
8. She wanted her husband to tell love her.
    - She wanted her husband to tell her that he loved her.
9. Is there a flower on the table?
    - Are there any flowers on the table?
10. Who told you ~~about~~ the story?

### Try.2

1. Are theer any flowers on the table?
2. She wanted her husband to tell her that he loved her.
3. She likes speaking French.
4. My wife has been to Spain many times.
5. Does she know where the writer was born?
6. The girl whom I teach math is very smart.
7. Can the bird swim?
8. Has your son already decided to study at that school?
    - Yes, he has.
9. Who told you the story?
10. The boy has to get up at four o'clock every morning.

## Writing: 10th September, 2020 - Pope says gossiping is 'worse than COVID'.

### Summary

Pope Francis has said gossiping is worse than COVID-19.
He said gossip is a danger that divides communites.
The pope brought the subject again and again.
He said that the tongue kills like a knife.

### Discussion

* a. What do you know about Pope Francis?
    - I don't know about him at all.
* b. What do you think of gossip?
    - It doesn't worth to listen to, I think.
    - Because most gossip are lies that are full of malicious.
* c. What do you think of people who gossip?
    - I don't like such people who gossip.
    - Because they try to ease their stress by gossiping and
      they don't care about people who are hurt by gossip.
    - They put others down by gossiping to maintain his self-esteem, I think.
    - Therefore, I don't like gossip and people who gossip.
* d. How much of a gossip are you?
    - Not at all.
* e. Why might the Pope think gossip is worse than COVID-19?
* f. When was the last time someone gossiped about you?
* g. What do you think of people who gossip on social media?
* h. Is it better to pray than to gossip?
