+++
title =  "2020-12-12: English"
date = 2020-12-12T09:41:57+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2020/12/10 lesson: Business English - Presentation

### Introduction

<!-- Attention-Grabbing Statement-->
There are a lot of kind of rice cakes in Japan. I love rice cakes(Mochi) desserts. Which Mochi dessert do you like?
<!-- Greeting/Welcoming-->
Ladies and gentleman, thank you for coming today.
<!-- Self-Introduction-->
My name is Naoki Morita and I was born and grew up in Ise-city, Mie prefecture in Japan.
<!-- Title of Presentation -->
Today I'd like to speak about Mochi desserts.
<!-- Objectives -->
Because Ise city, which is my hometown, has a variety of Mochi desserts and I'd like you to know my hometown's speciality.
<!-- Outline -->
I have divided my presentation into three parts. First, I'll give you a brief account of the history of Ise-city, then after that I'll tell you why there is a variety of Mochi desserts there. Finally, I'll tell you my recommendation of Mochi dessert in Ise city.
<!-- Length of Presentation -->
The presentation will talk about five minutes.
<!-- Handling Questions -->
I'd ask you to save your questions for the end.

### The body of the presentation

<!-- the 1st part -->
I'd like to start by looking at the history of Ise-city. As you may know, there is Ise Jingu in Ise city. Ise Jingu, officially 'Jingu',includes 125 jinja(shinto shrine), centered around Naiku, dedicated to Amaterasu-Omikami, and Geku, dedicated to Toyo'uke-no-Omikami. Amaterasu-Omikami is the goddess of the sun, the most important goddess of the Shinto religion in Japanese mythology. Amaterasu's chief place of worship, the Jingu in Ise-city, is one of Shinto's holiest sites. Well, I've told you about a brief of history of Ise-city.

<!-- the 2nd part -->
Now we'll move on to the reason that there is a variety of Mochi desserts in Ise-city. As I mentioned before, Ise-city is the most important place of Shinto religion. Moreover Ise-city is a major pilgrimage center and tourist spot. Pilgrimages to Ise became very popular in the Edo period, about 400 years ago. In those days, people used to walk to Jingu to worship. It is said that those people from all over Japan who came to Ise-city preferred to eat Mochi on the way, as it is fast and filling. Therefore, many tea-houses along the Jingu pilgrimage road greeted visitors with Mochi. That is why there is a lot of kinds of Mochi desserts in Ise-city.

<!-- the 3rd part -->
Next, I'd like to introduce you a variety of Mochi desserts and recommend you something. Please see [this web site](https://www.kankomie.or.jp/season/detail_108.html). As you can see in this picture, there are a lot of Mochi desserts in Ise, those are only a part of the whole though. All of them are different and delicious, but I recommend you [Akafuku](https://www.akafuku.co.jp/en/). If you ask me, Akafuku is the most famous and delicious Mochi dessert in Japan. There are a number of great things about Akafuku. First of all, the bean paste is very smooth and pleasant to the tongue. Then Mochi is exquisitely soft. Next you can enjoy Akafuku-Gori, which is a Matcha-flavored shaved ice with Akafuku, in only summer. after that, you can enjoy Akafuku-Zenzai, which is the sweet porridge of red beans with grilled Mochi, in only winter. Finally, you have to go to Ise to eat Akafuku, because they are strict about quality management of Akafuku and only sell it in Ise.

<!-- Conclusion -->
In conclusion, you must go to Ise and eat Akafuku, when you come to Japan. There are many places to visit in Japan. For example, Tokyo, Kyoto, Osaka, Fukuoka, Sapporo, and so on. Those are amazing places actually. However, I will recommend you Ise, my hometown. Ise has Jingu, one of the most holiest shrine, and a variety of Mochi desserts. If you want to know the goddess of Japan and if you are foodie, you should go to Ise.
