+++
title =  "2020-03-13: Touchstone-3 Unit-8 Lesson.D"
date = 2020-03-13T17:00:00+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-8: What if?
## Lesson.D: Any regrets?

### 1. Reading

#### A. What kinds of things do people regret in life? Make a class list.

I think...
Some people wish they had got married with another partner.
Because some Japanese husband and wife are always complaining about their partner.

And,
Someone who had a car accident wishes he had paid more attention, I think.
Especially someone is still suffering from the aftereffects of the car accident.
I heard of the person who had a bike accident on a highway.
He had been injured seriously, however he survived the accident.
Unfortunately he couldn't use his right arm well due to numbness. 

Finally,
I wish I had learned English to be able to speak naturally and smoothly.
But I tend to save the best for the last,
and now I enjoy learning English so it's OK.

#### B. Read the blog. What impression do you have of the writer(age,gender,personality)? Compare ideas with a partner?

#### 1.
The person would be 40 or 50 years old, I guess.
The person has been cared about many things, small and big,
and has been uptight so far.

#### 2.
The person would be 40 years old, I guess.
Because it's similar to me.
I'd like to enjoy what I can't do.
Life is made of lots of mistakes,
and they will be good memories.
So, I'll try something new and would like to enjoy it,
and I'd like to enjoy failing it.

#### 3.
The person would be ungenerous and busy to focus on himself.
And the person doesn't have many friends and feels lonely.
So, the person would like to do something to help people around him,
to let people say "thank-you" to him.
I'm sorry for him.

#### 4.
The person might have lose his friends and his family last few years,
due to working too hard.
I wouldn't be like the person.

#### 5.
The person would be house wife.
The person would have read gossip magazines too much.
She had cared about other people and other's life,
so she had not cared about her life.

#### 6.
The person would be dying now.
And he regrets his life.
And the person believes he can re-born, I guess. 

