+++
title =  "2020-09-05: English"
date = 2020-09-05T16:28:28+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Writing: 6th February, 2019 - We may be able to learn vocabulary while sleeping.

### Summary

We may be able to learn vocabulary while sleeping.
Because our brain cells are active for a short period of time even while sleeping.
The researchers are thinking that our brain can learn new vocabulary while the period of time.

### Discussion

* a. How important is sleeping?
    - It's the most important for us to spend a comfortable day.
    - Because I heard of that if we couldn't have enough sleep we couldn't focus on anything like drunken.
    - You don't want to spend a day having a hangover, do you?
    - Therefore, we need enough sleep to live comfortably.
* b. What is the best way to learn vocabulary?
    - I have no idea about that, so that I'm taking English classes of MeRISE coaching.
* c. What do you think of learning vocabulary while sleeping?
    - If I could learn vocabulary while sleeping, I would be glad and of course I'll do that.
* d. Is sleeping only for sleeping?
    - Sleeping is for freshening up brain and body, and memorizing what we learned at the day. 
* e. Could there be any dangers to learning while asleep?
    - There could be danger to learning while asleep, I guess.
    - Because learning while asleep can be not to get enough sleep.
    - For instance, it may interrupt deep sleep.
    - So, I don't want to do it before it turns out to be safe.
* f. How happy are you with your vocabulary?
    - I'm not happy with my vocabulary at all.
    - Because I can't read most newspapers or articles without a dictionary.
* g. What are your three favourite English words?
    - My three favourite English woreds are beautiful, lovely, and tasty.
    - Because I'm foodie and they are useful to express something what I ate.
* h. What else could we learn while we are asleep?
    - I have no idea about that because the period of time that I may be able to learn something is too short.
    - So, there isn't anything else except vocabulary what I can learn while sleeping, I think.


