+++
title =  "2020-06-29: News"
date = 2020-06-29T09:27:55+09:00
tags = ["news"]
featured_image = "https://miro.medium.com/max/1400/0*OoxYyv5TyZ-2dRKX"
description = "'It’s harder than you think, but not difficult at all.' Really?"
+++

#### How I Became A Millionaire

Of course, I'd like to be a millionaire if I could,
but I don't want to work to death.

[How I Became A Millionaire](https://medium.com/swlh/how-i-became-a-millionaire-1ff72af17849)


#### The Dunning-Kruger Effect Explains Why Society Is So Screwed-Up

I've read this news below.
I ought to be careful about my confidence from little knowledge.

[The Dunning-Kruger Effect Explains Why Society Is So Screwed-Up](https://medium.com/discourse/the-dunning-kruger-effect-explains-why-society-is-so-screwed-up-1432aca90aa8)

The article said that
Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge.
It's called the Dunning-Kruger Effect.

Put simply, the Dunning-Kruger Effect is the tendency for people to misjudge their abilities.
People with less than average abilities tend to overestimate their true abilities,
while those with higher than average abilities tend to not realize how much better they are.
That is, some people are too stupid to know how stupid they are,
while smart people assume most can do what they can.

Unfortunately, people with the loudest voices often have the most confidence but little competence.
You can see those people on the facebook, twitter, or every social network services.
For example, the President Trump on twitter.

And now, the biggest threat to society is the growing antiscience movement by the Dunning-Kruger effect.
Those people who have the most confidence but no competence have the biggest influence,
and they often support the antiscience movement.
So that, the public's trust in science is alarmingly low.

To solve this problem, the author said that
every scientists ought to start media training to let people gain a better understanding of science.

That's all the article said.
I don't know about the threat to science,
but the idea is applicable for my life, I think.
When I start doing something which I've never done so far,
I sometimes feel it might be simple and easy.
However, after that I often realize that's not true.

That is, don't be arrogant, keep learning and
practice to give a presentation to let others understand what I've done.
In addition, keep distance with people with the loudest voices who have little competence.
