+++
title =  "2020-11-27: English"
date = 2020-11-27T12:00:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 11/27 lesson: Discussion
[How To Create A Career](https://dariusforoux.com/how-to-create-a-career/)

### Notes

There are three points to be improved in this class.
First, I ought to speak further. For instance, I should expand my opinion adding reason, examples, or feeling.
Second, I'd better less thinking time. Because it's necessary to respond quickly in general conversation.
Finally, I might want to deliver a topic of small talk spontaneously. I should enjoy a conversation positively, not be always a passive attitude in it.

### Vocabulary

* passionate
  - Trump's passionate supporters still support Trump.
* pursue
  - I want to pursue my own interests, Internet and computer science.
* incompetence
  - President's incompetence is guilty, I think.
* pessimistic
  - Both too much pessimistic person and optimistic person won't become happy.
  - I think the balance is a point.
* sustainable
  - Nowadays it's important for us to think environmentally sustainable development.

- - -

## Preparation for today's English class

[How To Create A Career](https://dariusforoux.com/how-to-create-a-career/)

* How Conscious Are Your Decisions?
    - We must take control by making conscious decisions.
* What Career Do You Want?
    -  What matters is that we consciously decide to pursue a particular career.
    1. Analyze yourself
        - Idnetify your strength
    2. Identify an industry that fits your strengths
        - Only pursue a career that fits your strengths.
    3. Improve your universal skills
        - Skills like writing, leadership, personal effectiveness, and persuasion are helpful to all professionals.
    4. Start at the bottom
        - Always be willing to start at the bottom. Forget about your ego.
    5. Keep developing yourself
        - Every day, we must learn and develop ourselves.

### Vocabulary

* pursue
* perspective
* depressing
* destine
* incompetence
* mediocrity
* virtually

### Phrasal verbs

* get it
* end up
* cut it

### Questions?

* What does "cut it" mean?

- - -

## Speaking: 4-66

### Try.1

1. While he was reading the newspaper, she ~~prepared for~~ **cooked** breakfast.
2. I think she will pass the exam next year.
3. This is ~~the~~ **a** house which ~~is~~ **was** built a hundred years ago.
4. Did you meat **all** those people ~~all~~?
  - Yes, I did.
5. I told him not to make the same mistake.
6. When was the car stolen?
7. They didn't ~~understand~~ **know** how the man ~~entered~~ **got into** the room.
8. Her son ~~studies~~ **is studying** ~~for becoming~~ **to become** a doctor.
9. The teacher spoke so fast that the students couldn't understand **him**.
10. She cut the cloth carefully ~~by caissers~~ **with scissors**.

### Try.2

1. This is a house which ~~is~~ **was** built a hundred years ago.
2. I think she will pass the exam next year.
3. She cut the cloth with scissors carefully.
4. Her son is studying to become a doctor.
5. When was the car stolen?
6. They didn't know how the man got into the room.
7. Did you meet all those people?
  - Yes, I did.
8. While he was reading the newspaper, she cooked breakfast.
9. The teacher spoke so fast that the students couldn't understand him.
10. I told him not to make the same mistake.

- - -

## Writing: Scientists say they can reverse ageing process - 25th November, 2020

Scientists in Israel say they have conducted tests to successfully stop and reverse the biological ageing process. The tests were part of a joint project by Tel Aviv University and the Shamir Medical Center. The researchers said the science behind their experiments was very simple - they used only oxygen to slow down and turn around what happens to cells as they age. They used high-pressure oxygen on cells that were in a pressure chamber. The scientists said two processes related to ageing and illnesses slowed down. The scientists did tests on 35 adults over the age of 64 for 90 minutes a day, five times a week for three months. Their study was published in the magazine "Ageing" on November the 18th.

A lead scientist explained how important his team's research was. Professor Shai Efrati says the study shows that the ageing process can be reversed at the cellular level. He says we may be able to stop telomeres from shortening. Telomeres are inside cells. The shorter they become, the more we age. If we can stop them getting shorter, cells will not age. Professor Efrati said: "Today telomere shortening is considered the 'Holy Grail' of the biology of ageing. Researchers around the world are trying to develop [drugs] that enable telomere lengthening." He added: "The study gives hope, and opens the door for a lot of young scientists to target ageing as a reversible disease."

### Vocabulary

#### Holy Grail
something that people want very much, but which is very difficult or impossible to achive

#### lengthening
to make something longer or to become longer

### Discussion

* a) How do you feel about ageing?
  - I feel ageing is troublesome.
  - Because it's becoming harder to get rid of fatigue as I'm getting older.
  - For instance, when I was younger I'm OK even if I jog for 10km every day.
  - However, if I do that now I will be too much tired that I can't work.
  - Therefore, I don't want to get old as possible as I can.
* b) What are the good things about ageing?
  - One of the good things about ageing is that you can have more knowledge and experience.
  - For instance, you can recognize what the important things is or what you should do.
* c) Would you like to age at a slower rate?
  - Yes, I would.
  - Because I may be able to enjoy various activities for more long time.
  - For instance, I'd like to enjoy surfing, jogging, and camping.
  - Therefore, I'd like to be young as possible as I can.
* d) Do you like getting older?
  - No, I don't.
  - Because it's becoming harder to get rid of fatigue as I'm getting older.
  - It's the same answer with A.
* e) What is the best age to be?
  - The best age to be is about twenty four, I guess.
  - Because I think I had energy most when I was twenty four years old.
  - For instance, I could work overnight and after that I can go surfing.
  - Thus, I want to get the energy back if I can.
* f) Would you like to take drugs to make you younger?
  - Yes, I would if I can.
  - I'd like to take it provided that it has no side-effect.
  - Because I don't want to take it if I may be died earlier due to it.
* g) What three adjectives best describe this story?
  - Amazing, hopeful and eager.
  - It's an amazing study because people may be able to get younger.
  - And it's hopeful for people who want to keep being young.
  - In addition, they will eager to get it.
* h) What advice do you have for old people?
  - I have no advice for old people.
