+++
title =  "2020-09-26: English"
date = 2020-09-26T18:56:14+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking: 4-25 Training 25

### Try.1

1. How many roses did ~~you~~ **he** buy there?
2. He went to drink with his friends last night.
    - He went **for a drink** with his friends last night.
3. Who woke ~~up~~ the baby?
4. Do you know ~~someone~~ **anyone** who can speak English and Chinese?
    - Do you know anyone who can speak English and Chinese?
5. When did Mr.Brown quit smoking?
    - When did Mr.Brown **stop** smoking?
6. I want to see you as ~~fast~~ **soon** as possible.
7. My mother ~~had~~ **made** me ~~to~~ read the book.
8. He watches the TV program every week.
9. Does she have ~~something~~ **anything** to do ~~this evening~~ **tonight** ?
10. She hasn't seen ~~him~~ **Tom** since ~~the time~~ **then**.

### Try.2

1. When did Mr.Brown stop smoking?
2. He watches the TV program every week.
3. My mother made me read the book.
4. Do you know anyone who can speak English and Chinese?
5. She hasn't seen Tom since then.
6. Who woke the baby?
7. Does she have anything to do tonight?
8. He went for a drink with his friends last night?
9. How many roses did he buy there?
10. I want to see you as soon as possible.

## Writing: 24th September, 2020 - Airbus unveils plans for zero-emission planes.

### Summary

The Airbus predicts that hydrogen propulsion fits for fuel of the future airplanes.
However, they need to prepare the refuelling infrastructure. 
Anyway, they think that the fuel can change the aviation industry.

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - It's great idea that they change the propulsion of airplanes to hydrogen.
    - Even Greta Thunberg must say that it's great idea.
* b) What would life as Airbus' CEO be like?
    - The life as CEO would be super stressful, I guess.
    - Because he is responsible for a tremendous number of workers.
    - In addition, he must be under pressure from the French government.
* c) What historic moments have there been in aviation history?
    - I don't know about the aviation history.
    - However, wars were related with the aviation history, I guess.
* d) How can air travel be improved?
    - It can be improved by faster airplanes, I think.
    - Because people don't like the time in the airplane.
    - For instance, they don't like loud noise, waiting for the toilet, and an uncomfortable reclining chair.
    - Therefore, air travel requires rockets or supersonic aircrafts.
* e) What would life be like without airplanes?
    - It would be inconvenient life if there were no airplanes.
    - Because if you're going to visit foreign countries, you have to board on a ship.
    - It will be long time trip.
    - For instance, if you go to America from Japan, you will need about two weeks each way.
    - Therefore, you rarely go on a overseas trip.
* f) What three adjectives best describe this news?
    - They're ambitious, hopefull, and optimistic.
    - Because it seems to me that
      it will be difficult to change the power source of aviation by 2035.
* g) What renewable energies show the most promise?
    - It's the hydrogen energy.
    - Because the car industry wants it, too.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the Airbus CEO?
    - I don't have any questions that I want to ask to the Airbus CEO. 
    - Just, I'd like to say to him, 'Good Luck'.

### Vocabulary

* opt
    - to choose one thing or do one thing instead of another
* propulsion
    - the force that drives a vehicle forward
* decisive
    - an action, event, etc that is decisive has a big effect on the way that something develops 
    - someone who is decisive is good at making decisions quickly and with confidence
* upbeat
    - positive and making you feel that good things will happen
