+++
title =  "2020-10-12: English"
date = 2020-10-12T09:09:04+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 10/12 lesson

### What I wanted to say but I couldn't say

#### Talk about your favorite restaurant

My favorite restaurant is a pub that a brewery manages in my city.
You can drink several types of sake and beer that the brewery made.
I like sake especially "Junmai Ginjo" because it smells good and tasty.
"Junmai Ginjo" means that the sake is made of rice, malted rice and water.
In addition, the rice is polished to remove its surface, 
as a result it has fruity flavor and soft texture.

### Vocabulary

* buffet
* casual dining restaurant
* fusion
* instead of, in place of, as a substitute for

#### Example.1

When I stay at a hotel, I like buffets for breakfast.
If I can choose a casual dining or a buffet, I will choose a buffet.

I like a fusion of Japanese cuisine and Italian cuisine dishes. 
Because I like both sake and beers which match such the dishes.
I choose a sake instead of a wine when I have those dishes.

#### Example.2

I'm worried about infection with coronavirus at restaurants.
So, I'm hesitate to have dishes especially at buffet.
Because many people use the same tongs to pick up foods talking their friends or family.

Now the fusion of coronavirus and flu is the most scary virus, I think.
We'd better stay home as a substitute for visiting a resort.

#### Example.3

I made a plan to go on a trip to Toyama, Hokuriku region.
I reserved a hotel, but I didn't choose a buffet at casual dining restaurant for breakfast.
Because I'm scared of infection with conronavirus at buffet.
I will buy some seafood at fish-market for breakfast instead of a buffet.

#### Example.4

I like a buffet because I can choose a variety of foods.
For instance, there are Italian salad, miso soup, dumplings, something like that. 
Therefore I'll choose a buffet instead of a casual dining restaurant.

- - -

## Speaking: 4-[30-33]

1. He is always with Tom.
2. They are going to stay at the hotel next week.
3. That is the restaurant which opened last month.
4. Don't call her after ten.
5. Who opened the door?
6. The boy was pale.
7. I have a lot of things to learn.
8. I wonder What flower that is.
9. Has the boy become as tall as his father yet?
    - Yes, he has.
10. How old was he when he wrote the poem?

1. Do you go to school by bike?
    - Yes, I do.
2. The house where they live is very big.
3. Can her mother speak English?
    - Yes, she can.
4. Let's buy something to drink at that store.
5. That is a very famous building.
6. Emily may be sick.
7. They belive that she will come on time.
8. Is that the man she wants to meet.
9. The woman made a pretty doll for her daughter.
10. Did Mr.Brown make the longest speech?

1. She didn't know where to buy the bag.
2. This is a good magazine to read on the train.
3. Have they had dinner yet?
    - No, they haven't.
4. Do you think this is a good plan?
5. This cake was cooked by Nancy.
6. You don't have to meet her.
7. What is the language he is speaking?
8. Why did you begin to take picutres of animals?
9. They named their daughter Alice.
10. I met him in front of the station yesterday.

1. Your grandfather is too old to go there.
2. A foreigner I met at the party last night spoke Japanese very well.
3. Please tell me what she wants.
4. How many books did Tome read last year?
5. The article written by her was long.
6. This is a textbook which is used in many schools.
7. She had a lot of things to do yesterday.
8. The dog will be loved by everyone.
9. How beautiful this lake is!
10. Are they at the library now?
    - No, they aren't.


## Writing: 10th October, 2020 - English language test suggested for Australia visa

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - I think it's a good idea.
    - Because the foreign partners can get about 500 hours of free English classes on government-run language programme.
    - And then, they will be able to communicate with local people more smoothly.
    - Therefore, it's good for both the foreigners and local people, I think.
* b) Why do you think the proposal is controversial?
    - Because some of the foreign partners will not be able to stay in Australia.
    - But it will depend on a purpose of the exam and the difficulty of it.
* c) Why might the test be seen as racist?
    - Because it will run people who can't speak English well out of Australia.
    - So, some people think that the purpose of the requirement is that. 
* d) How could you test someone's love for their partner?
    - I have no idea about that.
    - Because to test someone's love for their partner is very rude.
    - We shouldn't do that.
* e) What uphill struggles have you faced with English?
    - I've faced that I couldn't say what I want to say, I couldn't speak smoothly, and I couldn't respond quickly.
* f) What English tests have you taken?
    - I've had the TOEIC exam once before.
    - The reason for that was to pass the promotion exam.
    - I haven't taken any English tests since then.
    - Because it was boring and tiring.
* g) Is the test an unwanted additional burden?
    - Yes, it would be an additional burden and tough for some people.
    - However, I think a person who want to live in another country should learn a local language.
    - So, they should want to learn the local language.
* h) What questions would you like to ask Australia's government?
    - I'd like to ask what for the English test is.
    - In addition, I would like to ask how difficult the English language test will be.
    - Because we can know whether the it is discrimination or not,
        if we know the purpose and the difficulty of the English test.

### Vocabulary

* predetermine
* proficiency
* grant
* prerequisite
* entail
* stoke
* controversy
* discriminatory
* uphill
* burden
