+++
title =  "2020-11-20: English"
date = 2020-11-20T09:21:39+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Writing: Breaking News: Asian nations form world's biggest free trade deal - 17th November, 2020

Fifteen Asian and Pacific countries have signed the world's biggest free trade deal.  It is called the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP). The countries include 10 Southeast Asian economies along with China, Japan, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand. These countries account for around 30 per cent of the global economy. The idea for the RCEP started in 2012. The governments have been talking to each other since then. China was key in pushing the deal forward to help economies during the coronavirus pandemic. An economics expert said: "COVID-19 has reminded the region of why trade matters and governments are more eager than ever to have positive economic growth."

Leaders of the 15 governments believe the free trade deal will help their countries and the AsiaPacific region. The Chinese Premier said: "The fact the RCEP has been signed after eight years of negotiations brings a ray of light and hope amid the clouds." He added: "It clearly shows that multilateralism is the right way, and represents the right direction of the global economy and humanity's progress." South Korea said: "We believe that the RCEP, being the world's largest free trade arrangement, represents an important step forward toward an ideal framework of global trade and investment." It said the deal included, "a diverse mix of developed, developing and least developed economies."

### Summary


### Discussion

* a) What do you know about trade deals?
    - I don't know about trade deals.
* b) Who are your country's trading partners?
    - My country's trading partners are most of countries in the world, however except North Korea.
* c) What does your country trade in?
    - I guess that my country trade in cars.
* d) How important is this new trade bloc?
    - It's very important for Japan.
    - Becasue ...
* e) How will the free trade deal help the countries?
    - The free trade deal can help economy of the countries.
* f) How has COVID-19 affected your country?
    - COVID-19 affected my country very badly.
* g) Why does trade matter?
    - Because trade can give economy good effect.
* h) Should there be a world free trade deal?
    - I think so, there should be a world free trade deal.

- - -

## Speaking: 4-61

### Try.1

1. This joke will make everyone laugh.
2. She studied until she ~~was~~ **felt** sleepy.
3. Do you know ~~which~~ **what** color your wife likes?
4. Is the boy who is playing the violin her son?
5. What did she do when she lost her passport?
6. I ~~met~~ **saw** your aunt the ~~previous~~ **other** day.
7. She thought he liked children.
8. The doctor told the man not to drink too much.
9. She will like this story.
10. Who is ~~the~~ **that** tall man standing over there?

### Try.2

1. I saw your aunt the other day.
2. She studied until she felt sleepy.
3. Do you know what color your wife likes?
4. The doctor told the man not to drink too much.
5. She thought he liked children.
6. She will like this story.
7. Who is that tall man standing over there?
8. What did she do when she lost her passport?
9. Is the boy who is playing the violin her son?
10. This joke will make everyone laugh.


