+++
title =  "2020-12-22: English"
date = 2020-12-22T09:06:20+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2020/12/22 lesson: Idioms Unit7

### Idioms

#### cook up
to compose or create in a formal way

#### draw up
to invent, create a plan

#### map out
to set or establish a plan

#### be in the works
to be planned to be in process

#### on the spur of the moment
spontaneously without previous planning

#### be up in the air
to be undecided

#### rule out
to refuse or to accept something as a choice

### Question I couldn't answer well

#### What's your plan for this coming New year and how would you arrange your plans?

I'm planning to cook roast beef and chicken ham by a pressure cooker in the end of the year and the beginning of the next year.
I already bought the pressure cooker on Amazon and received it.
Since it has many functions, you can do slow cooking.
Using slow cooking, you can simmer at a lower temperature than other cooking methods, such as baking, boiling, and flying.
Cooking meat at temperatures higher than sixty degrees will cause the meat to lose tenderness and moisture, making it less tasty.
I looked up the recipes on Internet, and I'm looking forward to cooking using it.

#### Example using idioms

I'm drawing up to cook roast beef and chicken ham by a pressure cooker in the end of the year and the beginning of the next year.

- - -

## News: China launches 'Clean Plate' food waste campaign 17th August, 2020

China is taking action to cut down on food waste. The government has started a new campaign to encourage people to think about the amount of food they waste. It is called the "Clean Plate Campaign". President Xi Jinping wants people to reduce the amount of food wasted. He called the waste "shocking and distressing". There are many reports in China that a food crisis is coming. Food production has decreased because of the coronavirus and because of floods in southern China. Experts say this will not lead to a crisis, but the government wants people to pay more attention to how much food they leave on their plate. President Xi said China had to "maintain a sense of crisis about food security".

Many restaurants are taking the campaign very seriously. A restaurant in central China went a little too far as it started weighing customers. It had to apologise to diners who were offended at being weighed. It said: "We originally wanted customers to stop food waste and order food in a healthy way." A restaurant in the capital Beijing told the Global Times newspaper: "We remind our guests when they order too much food." Restaurants in Wuhan have started the N-1 system. This is where groups of diners must order one fewer dish than the number of people in the group. Earlier this year, the United Nations warned that the world could see its worst food crisis in 50 years.

### Vocabulary

* cut down
    - to reduce the amount of something
* distress
    - to make someone feel very upset
* offend
    - to make someone angry or upset by doing or saying something that they think is rude, unkind etc

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - I think Japan government ought to do the same thing like China.
    - Because Japanese also waste food and need to cut down on food waste.
    - In addition, food waste may affect environment badly, I guess. 
* b) Why do people waste food?
    - People order what they want to eat without thinking about the capacity of their stomach, I guess.
    - As the result, people order too much beyond their capacity.
    - Finally, the rest of food turns out to be waste.
    - It's too bad.
* c) How would you feel if a restaurant weighed you?
    - I feel bad definitely.
    - Because I can judge the amount of food I should eat.
    - I don't want them to mention about my weight or health.
    - I am not their child and I can manage myself.
    - Therefore, I must feel like that they insult me.
* d) Should restaurants advise diners about food waste?
    - Yes, they should.
    - I want them to told me the amount of the dishes on the menu.
    - Because I want to fill eighty percents of my stomach to eat the dishes tasty.
    - In addition, I don't leave any food on the plate.
    - For instance, even if I eat everything I want and it fills in full of my stomach too much, 
        my good memory of the tasty dishes will be gone.
    - Therefore, I want to order dishes adequately.
* e) What do you think of the N-1 system of ordering less?
    - It sounds good.
    - However, I don't feel good that they control my order.
    - I don't like not free to eat.
* f) How difficult would it be to eat less?
    - It would be very difficult to eat less.
    - Because humans try to avoid starvation as possible as they can.
    - It's the humans' instinct, I think.
    - Thus, we eat too much, I guess.
* g) What food could you not eat less of?
    - I can't eat less of potato chips.
    - I love it, so I can't help avoiding eating them.
    - I know that it harms my health.
    - But I can't stop it.
* h) What questions would you like to ask Xi Jinping?
    - Do you really think if the system works? I want to ask him.

- - -

## Phrasal verbs: Part 1

### 041: **call in** the candidate

* The presidential debate is coming up in a few minutes on TV.
* Look, they are calling in a candidate!

- When the candidate was called in, cheers arose.

### 042: **call in** sick

* Where's John? Did he come into the office?
* I heard that he called in sick this morning.

- As I felt bad when I got up his morning,  I called in sick.

### 043: **call on** friends

* It's been almost three hours since he left for the grocery store.
* I think he called on his friend on the way back.

- As I passed by my friend's house yesterday, I called on him.

### 044: **call out** an electrician

* Oh no, we can't turn on the lights!
* Why don't you call out an electrician to fix them?

- I called out an engineer to connect a new optical fiber to home, however my apartment didn't fit it.

### 045: **call out** for help

* My son is dying!
* Calm down, he'll be okay. I'll call out for help.

- If you have an accident at mountain, you need to call out for help to the rescue team.

- - -

## Speaking 19

### Try.1

1. She is one of the singers I like.
2. Tom was the youngest of the three.
3. ~~The~~ **That** beautiful woman is Bob's mother.
4. I read this book twice.
5. When she read the book, she felt very happy.
6. Be kind/**nice** to Bety.
7. Why did you tell your wife such a thing?
    - Why did you say such a thing to your wife?
8. Those children are very smart.
9. Does he go to the store every day?
    - Yes, he does.
10. France is the country **where** my wife wants to go.

### Try.2

1. Tom was the youngest of the three.
2. I read the book twice.
3. France is the country where my wife wants to go.
4. When she read the book, she felt very happy.
5. She is one of the singers I like.
6. Be nice to Betty.
7. Does he go to the store every day?
    - Yes, he does.
8. That beautiful woman is Bob's mother.
9. Those children are very smart.
10. Why did you say such a thing to your wife?

## Speaking 20

### Try.1

1. You will be/**feel** much better tomorrow than today.
2. Is your brother stronger than you?
    - Yes, he is.
3. This book is more difficult than that one.
4. She was so good at cooking that she opened her own restaurant.
5. How many times did you go to that store last week?
6. Are you going to see him tomorrow?
    - Yes, I am.
7. He had many friends to help him.
8. Lucy is in her room.
9. His words made her very happy.
10. The picture hanging on the wall was painted by my grandmother.

### Try.2

1. The picture hanging on the wall was painted by my grandmother.
2. Lucy is in her room.
3. He had a lot of friends to help him.
4. How many times did you go to that store last week?
5. You will feel much better tomorrow than today.
6. His words made her very happy.
7. Are you going to see him tomorrow?
    - Yes, I am.
8. Is your brother stronger than you?
    - Yes, he is.
9. This book is more difficult than that one.
10. She was so good at cooking that she opened her own restaurant.
