+++
title =  "2020-09-29: English"
date = 2020-09-29T11:42:05+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 09/29 lesson

### Vocabulary

* stuck in a rut
    - too fixed in one particular type of job, activity, method, etc., and needing to change
* habit
    - something that you do often and regularly, sometimes without knowing that you are doing it
* dwelling
    - a house or place to live in
* nerd
    - a person, especially a man, who is not attractive and is awkward or socially embarrassing
* deprived
    - not having the things that are necessary for a pleasant life, such as enough money, food, or good living conditions

### Examples using the vocabulary

If you feel stuck in a rut, you'd better to break your bad habit.
For example if you're always watching animes, reading comics, or doing like a nerd,
you ought to clean your dwelling and go outside.
You can find something interesting enough to make you sleep-deprived.

### The questions I couldn't answer well.

* How do you achieved your long-term goals?
    - I break down long-term goals into lots of short-term goals.
    - Because I tend to flinch from the difficulties of the long-term goals.
    - For instance, I'm scary when I think if I fail it, and I can't believe that I can achieve it.
    - Therefore, I try to achieve a lot of challenges that are small enough to believe that I can do on my own.

## Review 09/25 lesson

* curvatures
    - the state of being curved or bent
* revitalize
    - to give new life, energy, activity, or success to something
* employ
    - to use something
* account for
    - to form the total of something
* in person
    - If you do something or go somewhere in person, you do it or go there yourself.
    - physically

### Examples using the vocabulary

* It's difficult to draw a beautiful curvature by hand.
* We shouldn't think that we can revitalize the economy damaged by the pandemic soon.
* I always want to employ a new method to do my task.
* Elderly deaths account for the majority.
* I can go on a trip using virtual reality, however I want to do it in person.

## Speaking: 4-26 Training 26

### Try.1

1. What he said may be true.
2. She is as beautiful as ~~roses~~ *a rose**.
3. Peter is the tallest student in this school.
4. When did he go to India?
5. Do you eat spag**h**etti every day?
    - Yes, I do.
6. Do you want me to read this article?
    - Yes, I do.
7. The cat that is sleeping on the sofa is Tama.
8. She went back to U.K. for ~~the~~ Christmas.
9. That woman can speak twenty languages.
10. I think that she is older than Tom.

### Try.2

1. What he said may be True.
2. I think she is older than Tom.
3. That cat which is sleeping on the sofa is Tama.
4. When did he go to India?
5. That woman can speak twenty languages.
6. She went back to England for Christmas.
7. Do you want me to read this article?
    - Yes, I do.
8. She is as beautiful as a rose.
9. Do you eat spaghetti every day?
    - Yes, I do.
10. Peter is the tallest student in this school.
