+++
title =  "2020-03-04: Touchstone-3 Unit-8 Lesson.C"
date = 2020-03-04T17:45:34+09:00
tags = ["preparation", "private life", "Touchstone-3"]
+++

# Unit-8: What if?
## Lesson.C: If I were you, ...

### 1. Conversation strategy: Giving advice

#### A. What tough decisions have you made? Did you ask for advice? Tell the class.

I had made tough decision to go to which grad school.
One of them was Osaka University where I got bachelor degree,
Another one was NARA Institute of Science and Technology(NAIST).

Osaka University is in the urban city and you can go to center of Osaka city.
And I had several friends in Osaka at that time,
laboratory associates, boxing club members, and high school classmates.
Several my high school classmates had live in Osaka.
Moreover I knew a lot about Osaka because I had lived there for four years.
However, I was not sure that I was able to belong a laboratory where I wanted to.
Because the laboratory was very popular so that many students wanted to belong it,
but the lab didn't have the capacity for all students who wanted to belong.

On the other hand, NAIST is in the country side, kind of where deer and monkeys live.
If you don't have a car or a motorbike, you are tough to live there.
Furthermore I had no friends in Nara and I didn't know about Nara very much.
However, NAIST has enough student dormitory, a student loan without interest, 
and half exemption of school fees for poor students.
In addition, a laboratory which I wanted to belong had enough capacity.

Finally I was decided to go to Nara.
I made a best decision, I think now.
NAIST is in the country side so I could focus on my research and development, and
I and my laboratory associates often did BBQ there.
It was able to have a fulfilling student life there.

#### B. Listen. What advice does Nicole give Carlos about grad school?

At first, I was confused about 1st and 2nd statements.
I thought it mean, "I hear you got permission to graduate from school.",
so I didn't understand what "I got into MSU and Bracken Tech" mean.
But it's wrong, right?
It means that Carlos got permission to enter into grad school, MSU and Bracken Tech.
He can go either of them.

Anyway, if I were Carlos, I'd go to Bracken Tech definitely.
Because if I couldn't get scholarship,
I would have to earn money or borrow some money for school fees,
so that I would waste my time for research and I should pay for it with interest.
On the other hand, If I could get the full scholarship,
I could concentrate on my research.
Maybe MSU is good grad school and has good professors,
however, you don't have enough time to research, you can't get a interesting job.

#### D. Think of three pieces of advice for each problem below. Then take turns role-playing the problems and giving advice.

1. I wish I weren't majoring in economics. I just don't find it very interesting.
  - If I were you, I would try to transfer to another major that I want to.
  - You ought to confirm your college that you can transfer to another department in your college.
  - If you can't do, you should try to transfer to another college.
  - You might want to try to transfer your major.
2. One of my co-workers just got a promotion, but I didn't get one.
  - If I were you, I would ask my boss why I didn't get a promotion.
  - Your boss might answer your question and give you some advice.
  - You can get the advice and try to work as your boss wants.
  - If you don't agree with your boss's advice, you should change your job.
  - Because you can't get any promotion even if you work harder than anyone.
  - You ought to talk your boss.
3. I wish I knew what to do after college.
  - If I were you, I would travel around the world as backpacker.
  - Even if you didn't know what you want to do, you could know that after the backpacking.
  - You might want to do something to expand your view.
4. My boyfriend / girlfriend wants to get married, but I'm just not ready.
  - If I were you, I would talk my feeling and thinking to my girlfriend.
  - If you were not ready but got married with her, the marriage could be failed.
  - You'd better talk your girlfriend.
5. My parents want me to study law or accounting or something, but I don't want to.
  - If I were you, I wouldn't listen to my parents.
  - Even if you study something you don't want to, you can't be happy.
  - You ought to do what you want to.
  - It's your life, not parents' life.

- - -
### 2. Strategy plus: That would be ...

1. If you could do something really different, what would you do?
  - I'd fly to the moon.
2. If you could have any job, what would you do?
  - Marine biologist and fish farmer.
  - I like fish but they are decreasing in these fifty years.
  - So I'd like to farm every fish we eat.
  - The ecology of most fish is unknown,
    so if I cleared the secret, I could farm every fish.
3. Would you ever like to get a Ph.D. in something?
  - No, I wouldn't.
  - It's difficult to live as a researcher.
  - If you couldn't got an outstanding research result, you would be fired right away.
