+++
title =  "2021-01-15: English"
date = 2021-01-15T09:21:02+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## News: Harry and Meghan to quit social media - 12th January, 2021

Reporters are saying the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have abandoned social media. The Duke (formerly Prince Harry) and his wife Meghan have reportedly said goodbye to their social media accounts. They want to focus on their new life together in the USA. The "Sunday Times" newspaper in the UK wrote that the couple have no plans to use social media for their non-profit organisation or for their personal lives. The newspaper said the couple have become sad and tired of all the "hate" they see online. They both decided to step down as active members of the British royal family last year. Since then, many people have attacked and criticised them on their Instagram account.

Harry and Meghans' main social media account was @sussexroyal on Instagram. They have 10.4 million followers on this account but have not posted any new content since March 2020. A source told the "Sunday Times" that the couple were "very unlikely" to use social media again. Meghan has spoken out about the harm social media can do.  She was the subject of many attacks after she married into Britain's royal family. She said she experienced "almost unsurvivable" online abuse and cyberbullying. She added that she was the most trolled person in the world in 2019. This news comes as social media companies are in the spotlight for suspending the accounts of US President Donald Trump.  

### Vocabulary

* reportedly
    - according to what some people say
* harm
    - damage, injury, or trouble cause by someone's actions or by an event
* abuse
    - cruel or violent treatment of someone
* bully
    - someone who uses their strength or power to frighten or hurt someone who is weaker
* troll
    - to leave offensive or upsetting messages on the Internet, just in order to get a reaction

### Discussion

* a) What do you think of social media?
    - It's convenient to contact with your family or friends you want to see.
    - On the other hand, in my opinion, people look tired and bored to show themselves luxury and happy.
    - It seems to me that they want others to admire them too much.
    - Therefore, I will use social media without showing myself bigger than real.
* b) How important is social media to you?
    - It's not important for me at all.
    - Because I'm not interested in famous people's lives.
    - I am interested in just my family and friends so that I don't often use social media.
* c) What are the good things about social media?
    - Social media have good things to deliver your opinion around the world.
    - Even if you are not famous and any TV staffs are not interested about you, you can say what you want to around the world.
    - That is to say, you don't need mass media like TV or news papers.
    - You can upload your video into YouTube or upload your pictures into Instagram.
    - In addition, you can write everything you want to say on Facebook.
    - It's of course if you are in democratic countries.
* d) What do you know about Meghan and Harry?
    - I don't know about them well.
    - I just know they were prince and princess in England.
* e) What hate do you see on social media?
    - I saw someone abused other people on social media.
    - In my opinion, people who abuse others have many troubles on their own lives.
    - Those people want others to respect them even if they don't do anything good.
    - I can't understand them and I don't want to understand them.
    - I keep a distance with them.
* f) What is the best social media platform?
    - It's LINE I use social media platform.
    - Because I always use it for contact with my family and friends.
    - In addition, they don't upload their fancy pictures which I see on Facebook or Instagram.
    - Because I don't open my accounts for anybody except my family and friends.
    - I like LINE's stamps. It's useful to express my feeling with just one tap.
* g) What do you think of Meghan and Harry abandoning social media?
    - It's good idea.
    - They should have done that earlier.
    - They don't have to care about people who try to attack them.
* h) What advice do you have for Meghan and Harry?
    - I have no advice to give them.
    - They should live on their own way.
    - Moreover, they don't need any advice from anyone, I think.
- - -

## Phrasal verbs Part 1

### 056: **come back** next summer

* He came back as he said before.

### 057: black hair **comes back**

* A certain fashion comes back again every decade.

### 058: the pain **comes back**

* Teeth pain usually comes back at night.

### 059: memories **come back** to me

* Bad memories sometimes come back to me, I hate it.

### 060: snow **came down**

* Heavy snow has been coming down in north region since last week.

- - -

## Speaking: 31

1. The house where they live is very big.
2. The woman made a pretty doll for her daughter.
3. Is that the man she wants to meet?
4. Emily may be sick.
5. Let's buy something to drink at that store.
6. Can her mother speak English?
  - Yes, she can.
7. That is a very famous building.
8. Do you go to school by bike?
  - Yes, I do.
9. Did Mr.Brown make the longest speech?
10. They believe she will come on time.

## Speaking: 32

1. She didn't know where to buy the bag.
2. This cake made by Nancy.
3. Do you think this is a good plan?
4. This is a good magazine to read on the train.
5. Yesterday I met him in front of the station.
6. What is the language he is speaking?
7. Why did you begin to take pictures of animals?
8. You don't have to meet her.
9. Have they had dinner yet?
  - No, they haven't.
10. They named their daughter Alice.

## Speaking: 33

1. The article written by her was long.
2. The foreigner I met at the party last night spoke Japanese very well.
3. She had many things to do yesterday.
4. Please tell me what she wants.
5. Your grandfather is too old to go there.
6. How beautiful this lake is!
7. The dog will be loved by everyone.
8. This is a textbook which is used ~~at~~ **in** many school.
9. Are they ~~in~~ **at** the library **now**?
  - No, they aren't.
10. How many books did Tom read last year?

## Speaking: 34

1. I found the movie very interesting.
2. Tell Tom to come here at once.
3. My father likes taking pictures of flowers.
4. The story he wrote was very interesting.
5. Walk as slow**ly* as you can.
6. Let Bob read the book.
7. Does the milk taste sour?
  - No, it doesn't.
8. I am the happiest man in the world now.
9. When I was doing my homework yesterday, my brother helped me.
10. Mr.Brown is going to come to this town next week.

## Speaking: 35

1. The boy jumped as high as he could.
2. He ~~must~~ **had to** be carried to the hospital.
3. You must not watch TV here.
4. Did he write the name with this pen?
  - Yes, he did.
5. She has blue eyes.
6. If he enters that school, he will have to study many subjects.
7. Do you know how long Emily has lived in this town?
8. Please show me your pictures you took in Paris.
9. That is **a** very expensive/luxury car.
10. Is baseball more popular than tennis in your country?
