---
title: "2021-08-15: English"
date: 2021-08-15T16:52:09+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/08/15 Lesson - Elective Listening

[How to make applying for jobs less painful](https://www.ted.com/talks/priyanka_jain_how_to_make_applying_for_jobs_less_painful?language=en)

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say

* How did you find your first job?

I found my first job through my senior in the lab at graduate school.
He and I majored in Internet security and cooperated with each other.
He met a director of a Internet security company and introduced it to me.

* How do people in your country usually look for a new job?

People usually look for a new job using a website or through their friends.
Actually I found the second job through my friend from graduate school.
In addition, I was finding a new job using a website at last month.

## Notes
1. I should talk more specific information of my opinion
2. I should practice agree/disagree statements.
For example, totally, partially, partly, I'm afraid that, absolutely, and so on.

## Vocabulary and the example

I sometimes feel that I'm paranoid, especially when I can't get enough cooperation from others or when my opinon is rejected totally.
However, I am usually wrong then, because I can't get the gist of the problem which I need to solve.
I can cope with the problem if I can get the crux.
On the other hand, it's the most difficult to catch the crux, though.

### paranoid
1. believing unreasonably that you cannot trust other people, or that they are trying to harm you or have a bad opinion of you
2. medical suffering from a mental illness that makes you believe that other people are trying to harm you

### cope with
1. to succeed in dealing with a difficult problem or situation

### crux
the most important part of a problem, question, argument etc.

### predective
relating to the ability to show what is going to happen in the future

### inherent
a quality that is inherent in something is a natural part of it and cannot be separated from it

### perpetuate
to make a situation, attitude etc, especially a bad one, continue to exist for a long time

### transcend
to go beyond the usual limits of something

### attentive
1. listening to or watching someone carefully because you are interested
2. making sure someone has everything they need

### restraint
1. calm sensible controlled behaviour, especially in a situation when it is difficult to stay calm
2. a rule or principle that limits what people can do

### impulsive
someone who is impulsive does things without considering the possible dangers or problems first

### ethnicity
a particular race of people, or the fact of being from a particular race of people

## About the video I saw in today's lesson

I'm not sure whether what the woman talks in the movie would become true.
Because I have no idea about the measure to find if the algorithm works.
I'm totallly not sure who can get to know that the algorithm works.
On the other hand, I agree with the woman in regards to focusing on the inherent characteristics that can make somebody a good fit for a job, we can transcend any discrimination.
I think that only improving ethics can transcend every discrimination, not technology.

---

# Today

It's raining heavily, but comfortable temperature today.
I'm relaxed watching TV or reading a book.
There is nothing special.
How about you?
