---
title: "2021-09-18: English"
date: 2021-09-18T09:54:00+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Homework

## Can money really buy happiness?
Many people may claim that money can't buy happiness or love is all.
However, money can buy happiness in a sense.
I define the happiness as that you can do what you want and become a person who you want to be.

First of all, money can buy time that you can use freely.
In general, we sell our time to earn money.
If you have enough money, you don't have to do that.
You can go anywhere you want, and do whatever you want.

Money can buy not only time but also opportunities.
For instance, you have an opportunity to get enough education and experience.
You have something you want to accomplish in life.
It will require skill and experience.
Money can help you to require them.
As a result, you can become a person who can accomplish what you want in life.

Nevertheless, some people claims that the rich president of an IT company looks unhappy or the person who won the lottery lost his family due to fight with the money.
There is nothing without exception.
In my opinion, those people just made mistakes using money.

In conclusion, money can buy happiness in a sense as I said.
It means money can help you become happiness.
It depends on you.

---
* Para-phrases
  - try to different expression

In conclusion, money can buy even happiness.
It means that money can help you become happiness.
It depends on you.

---
# Today

I'm Naoki Morita.
I'm residing in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan.
I work for HOGE Corporation as a software engineer.
My hobby is surfing.
I usually go surfing on every weekends.

I've been learning English at MeRISE since 2 years ago.
I want to improve my English conversation skills.

Thank you for your time today.
