---
title: "2021-05-17: English"
date: 2021-05-17T18:38:18+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/05/17 Lesson - Touchstone3

LESSON: TOUCHSTONE 3 - Unit 1 - "Lesson C - Conversation Strategy - Activity 1" - Page 6-7

I learned describing habits and how to use 'at least'.

## What I couldn't say but I wanted

### What is your belongings which you wouldn't like to lend to someone?

I don't want to lend my necessary and expensive ones.
Because I don't want to have any conflicts with my friends or colleagues.
If the person who borrowed from me breaks my belongings, I don't want the person to reimburse as for the loss, especially the person is my best friend.
Likewise, I don't want to lend any money for someone.
When I lend my money to someone, I will plan to break off the person.

### My good habit and bad one

Recently, my good habit is to study English and prepare for exam of technical vendors before I go to bed every night.
Since I'm a child, I can keep studying constantly.
Because I know that I'm a slow learner, so I should keep studying in order to improve.

On the other hand, the bad one is to be often into a smartphone.
I use it during watching TV, walking, even in the toilet every day, every time.
I think it's a kind of sick, like drinking alcohol or smoking.
Now, I'm trying to stop the bad habit by keeping it away as possible.
I hope it works.

## Vocabulary

### vain
1. someone who is vain is too proud of their good looks, abilities, or position - used to show disapproval

## Exercise

1. My friend is always texting, but at least he can hear my speaking.
2. She is always singing or whistling, but at least she has a beautiful voice.
3. I'm always losing things, but at least my wife can find them.
4. I sometimes eat chewing gum, but at least I don't make a noise.
5. I sometimes forgetting things, but at least I don't forget any schedule.
6. She is looking in mirrors, but at least she doesn't think she is the most beautiful in the world.
7. He is falling asleep in class, but at least he can get good score in exam.
8. He is always telling jokes, but at least his joke is funny.
9. He was always daydreaming, but at least a part of his dream became true.

He is always looking at his smartphone, but at least he can hear me what I'm talking about.

# Today

I'm doing good today.
I worked from home today as usual.

Last weekend is usual weekend, that is to say,
I took a walk, went surfing, and studied.

I have been studying for a exam of the technical vendor's certification.
It's Amazon Web Services which owns 80% of the market share in cloud services.
I think, it will help me to design and build applications on cloud services.
In addition, it will help me to change my job which is more attractive.
So, I keep studying for the exam.
