---
title: "2021-05-19: English"
date: 2021-05-19T15:56:49+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/05/19 Lesson - Pronunciation Oi sound

## Vocabulary

I respect energetic people who don't hesitate to toil away.
The life of such people is very flamboyant.
In fact, many films have been making based on their showy life.
Even though some of them was an orphan, they were so boisterous and engaged in their interests.
It seems to me that they say that we should live more freely and engage in what we want to do.

### flamboyant
1. behaving in a confident or exciting way that makes people notice you

### energetic
having or needing a lot of energy or determination

### showy
something that is showy is very colourful, big, expensive etc, especially in a way that attracts people's attention

### toil
to work very hard for a long period of time

### orphan
a child whose parents are both dead

### engage
1. to be doing or become involved in an activity
2. to attract someone's attention and keep them interested

### boisterous
someone, especially a child, who is boisterous makes a lot of noise and has a lot of energy

## What I couldn't say but I wanted

### Do you use math at work?
No, I don't use it very much. I sometimes use it at work.
But I'm not good at math, so I have a few work to use math.
I know that I'd better use math frequently to convince my boss or colleagues of my plan or idea.
In addition, you can never avoid to use it when you learn machine learning.
I've tried to study math again before.
However, I gave up and forgot it.

### Give me your presentation about your work.
I'm a software engineer.
I work for Panasonic in automotive field.
Recently, I develop software using Amazon Web Services which is cloud service.
It's a lot of fun, because I can do many things only if I make tiny codes.
Furthermore, I don't have to maintenance any servers physically.
So, I want to keep using and studying it.

### What is your favorite movie recently?
I have been watching a movie, "Life below zero" which is published on Amazon Prime Video.
The movie shows us people who live around arctic circle.
They fight super low temperature and ice, and wild animals.
One of them was attacked by a bear and she was about to be killed.
However, the bear did that to live, that's it.
So, they also are hunting wild animals to live themselves.
They eat meat of the animals and they use its bones and skin to live there.
It's very interesting.
It can notice me that we're also one of animals.

## Notes

1. Speak further. I can't improve English unless I speak less.
2. Don't mind and hesitate to mistake. I can improve when I find my misunderstanding.
3. Practice intonation more.
4. Be careful grammar about present perfect tense.
5. Be careful pronunciation z-sound.
