+++
title =  "2021-02-25: English"
date = 2021-02-25T09:35:06+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

- - -

## News: Japan government creates a minister of loneliness - 25th February, 2021

### Vocabulary

* consecutive
    - consecutive numbers or periods of time follow one after the other without any interruptions

### Discussion

* a) What do you know about loneliness?
    - I know about loneliness a bit.
    - I'm introverted and I'm not big fan of hanging out with others, so I have just a few friends.
    - In addition, young people who lived in rural area have to go to cities for working.
    - They have to study or work in the city where there are only people they don't know.
    - Now introverted people like me have a problem to live mental healthily under this pandemic.
* b) What health problems can loneliness cause?
    - Loneliness can bring them depression.
    - Depression is so terrible that it can kill people.
    - People always want to have ties between people around them.
    - Because they can realize who they are or what they want in their lives when they have tied with others.
    - Therefore, loneliness cause big mental health problem to people.
* c) What do you think of the idea of a minister of loneliness?
    - It's good for dealing with problems of loneliness, I think.
    - However, I can't image what the minister will do.
    - Because lack of vaccine and medicine cause those problems, I think.
* d) How has the pandemic affected your mental health?
    - It affected me in a good sense and bad sense.
    - I mean the pandemic got rid of me from commuting to work.
    - Since I don't have to commute to work, I can study or exercise enough.
    - On the other hand, I can't travel anywhere due to this pandemic.
    - I'm frustrated with that.
    - Therefore, this pandemic brought me good and bad effects.
* e) What can governments do to cut numbers of suicides?
    - I have no idea about that.
* f) How good are you at helping people who are lonely?
    - No, I'm not probably.
    - Because I'm introverted and I'm not good at talking.
    - However, I can listen to those people, I think.
* g) What advice do you have for lonely people?
    - I would advice lonely people not to hesitate to talk with someone about your problem.
* h) What can the minister do to help with social isolation?
    - I have no idea about that.
    - I don't think that the minister can do something to help with that.

- - -
