---
title: "2021-05-13: English"
date: 2021-05-13T15:43:17+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/05/13 Lesson - Pronunciation: word connection

[A one minute TEDx Talk for the digital age](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1aA1WGON49E)

Wow, what an audience.
But if I'm being honest, I don't care what you think of my talk.
I don't.
I care what the internet thinks of my talk.
(Laughter)
Because they are the ones who get it seen and shared.
And I think that's where most people get it wrong.
They're talking to you, here,
instead of talking to you, random person scrolling Facebook.
Thanks for the click.
You see, back in 2009,
we all had these weird little things called attention spans.
(Laughter)
Yeah, they're gone. They're gone. We killed them. They're dead.
I'm trying to think of the last time I watched an 18-minute TED talk.
It's been years, literally years.
So if you're giving a TED talk, keep it quick.
I'm doing mine in under a minute.
I'm at 44 seconds right now;
that means we've got time for one final joke.
Why are balloons so expensive?

(Audience) "Why?"

Inflation.

## What I could't say but I wanted

I feel that Japan's state is getting worse now.
Because Japan couldn't get enough vaccinations and still hospitals are full of patients due to poor government's crisis management.
Moreover, many Japanese are tired and bored of staying home or avoiding infection. So, they enjoy their normal life despite this terrible situation, and then they get infected.

I understand that they want to enjoy their life as before.
However, to live with COVID-19 means that we need to keep avoiding infection carefully from now on, at least for 3 years.
Because we have no effective medicine and enough people can't get vaccination.
It is said that 80 percents of us need to get vaccination in order to get herd immunity.
In addition, the effect of the vaccine don't keep forever.
So I think that it will take at least 3 years.

This terrible situation will not be changed next year too, I guess.
Still next year we will not be able to go on a trip freely and we will have to keep getting vaccination.

By the way, this situation improve globalisation further online.
I mean, I need to compete my job with many excellent engineers all over the world. Unfortunately most of them can speak English well, not like me.
So, I should improve myself about not only English but also technical skill.
I have no time to worry about this situation, I have many things to do.

## Notes
1. I should open mouse wider.
2. I should care about mouse formation and word clarity.

- - -

# Today

I'm doing good, I work from home this week and I'm bit tired.
Because I had a relaxing Golden week and it's been a while since I worked.

It's raining today and bit cold.
There is nothing special.

Japan started COVID-19 vaccinations for elderly this week.
Actually, my parents will get the vaccination next month.
I hope it works.

How about you?
