---
title: "2021-06-16: English"
date: 2021-06-16T15:51:36+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/06/16 Lesson - Elective Listening

[Learn how to manage people and be a better leader](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWmhl6rzVpM)

Think about this.
If two managers are equally good with their skills, but only one is a team player.
Who are the boss hire or promote?
The answer is obvious.

Employers do not want only professional expertise and experience in their employees.
They're also looking for other qualities: character traits for building rapport with customers and coworkers.
Interpersonal and communication skills that will help leaders steer teams effectively.
You'll be able to stand out in advance faster in your career,
if you have these traits and skills.

**These traits and skills are important.**

In this video, we'll share what some of these traits and skills are.
And show you how to use them in your interactions with customers, subordinates, supervisors, and co-workers.

**To use them in your interaction with customers, subordinates, supervisors, and co-workers.**

~~These tips have been taken from training programs in the Singapore workforce skills qualifications for leadership and people management, or LPM WSQ.
That's not all.
We'll also give you some pointers on how you can manage your own development.~~

If you're able to build positive relationships with your customers,
they'll keep coming back.
However, despite your best efforts, things can sometimes go wrong.
Can you still maintain rapport with unhappy customers?
Yes, you can.
The key is in how you communicate with them.
Here are some ways to make your customer feel better.

**Customer.1: reiterate customer's view**

The first way is to reiterate his views to show that you understand.
For example, you can say
you're right, we didn't deliver the samples last week.
Follow up with something like this,
I'll make a call now to have them delivered today.

**Customer.2: customer's needs first**

The second way is to let him tell you what he needs before suggesting a solution.
For example, you can say
I have another idea to help you get the samples by tomorrow.

**Customer.3: present pros and cons**
For the third method present the pros and cons.
For example, you can say
that's right, if you receive the samples tomorrow, you can meet the deadline.
But if you could give us one more day, it will make a big difference to the sample quality and it won't affect the timeline too much.

**Customer Results**

If you're able to make two unhappy customers well,
you'll be able to continue your relationships with them.

**Subordinates: You need to be assertive to show your views honestly and yet be respectful**

If you want to get the best results from your subordinates,
you need to be assertive.
Assertiveness is not about bulldozing your way through
while disregarding people's feelings.
How then can you express your views honestly and yet be respectful.

**Subordinates.1: explain the reasons**

Explain to your team members why you need them to do certain things and how they would help the organization.

**Subordinates.2: Be open to suggestions**

Be open to other people's suggestions.

**Subordinates.3: accept responsibility for your decisions**

And always accept responsibility for your decisions.
Otherwise how will your subordinates believe in what you say?

It's important for you to build rapport with your supervisor.

**Supervisors.1: know how he prefers to process information**

One way is to know how he prefers to process information.

**Supervisors.1.1: visual person**

For example, if your supervisor is a visual person,
you can use graphs pictures and videos to help him visualize your message.

**Supervisors.1.2: auditory person**

For an auditory supervisor, let him hear your message through face-to-face meetings and phone calls.

**Supervisors.1.3: feeling person**

And if your supervisor is a feeling person,
get your message across through experiences,
such as site visits and product testing.

**Co-workers: 4 push and pull influencing styles**

If you're able to influence your co-workers,
you can help your project team reach desired outcomes and manage changes.

You may use one or a combination of these four push and pull influencing styles.

**Co-workers.1: push style.1 is to use logic**

One push style is to use logic.
Points out the loopholes of an argument and then offer a counterproposal.

**Co-workers.2: push style.2 is carrot and stick**

Another push style is carrot and stick.
Show your co-workers the reward they'll get it.
They comply and highlight the potential threats, if they don't.

**Co-workers.3: pull style.1 is consultative style**

On the other side of the coin are the pull styles.
The consultative style is suitable,
if your team members are committed and capable of offering ideas.

**Co-workers.4: pull style.2 is big picture**

And if you're working with senior and independent people,
you can move them using the big picture such as values mission and life goals.

**It's important to able to grow personally and professionally.**

Employers value employees who are able to grow personally and professionally.
These employees are able to take on greater responsibilities and challenges.
Therefore, it's important to manage your self-development well.
You begin by identifying your career goals, then embark on continuing education and training to help you build on your strengths, minimize your weaknesses and
reach your goals.

To get the skills you need to stay employable,
to get the job you want and progress in your career,
you should consider the Singapore workforce skills qualifications system or WSQ.
WSQ courses are practical, WSQ frameworks are co-developed by WDA, and its industry partners from over 30 sectors.

This means you gain skillsets that employers truly want.
The courses are accessible.
They're easily available at more than 450 CET centres and
training providers island-wide.
They are affordable.
Singaporeans can get subsidies of up to 95% of course fees.
They're also flexible.
You can take up bite-sized modules to suit your needs and schedule.
It's often said that character traits and interpersonal and communication skills will determine how far you'll advance in your career.
If you aspire to grow into a holistic leader,
find out more about leadership and people management.
WSQ training programs at WWDC o ve SG / L p.m. underscore wsq.
If you want to upgrade your industry specific skills,
be sure to check out other wsq frameworks log on to www.mptv.org/outdoorwisconsin

## Summary

It's important to be a better leader that not only professional expertise and experience, but also Interpersonal and communication skills to build rapport with customers, subordinates, supervisors, and co-workers.

To build positive relationships with your customers,
you should reiterate customer's view, know to customer's needs first, and,
present pros and cons.

To get the best results from your subordinates,
you should be assertive and your views honestly and yet be respectful.
To do that, You should explain the reasons of their work, be open to their suggestions, and accept responsibility for your decisions.

To build rapport with your supervisor,
you should know how he prefers to process information.
You should adapt him according to his preference.

To influence your co-workers,
you can use one or a combination of four push and pull influencing styles,
like using logic style, carrot and stick style, the consultative style, and the big picture style.

Lastly, you need to keep growing personally and professionally to take on greater responsibilities and challenges.
To do that, you begin by identifying your career goals, then embark on continuing education and training to help you build on your strengths, minimize your weaknesses and reach your goals.

## Vocabulary

### Rapport: noun
friendly agreement and understanding between people

### Subordinates: noun
1. less important or powerful than something or someone
2. someone who has a lower position and less authority than someone else in an organization

### Reiterate: verb
to repeat a statement or opinion in order to make your meaning as clear as possible

### Pros and Cons: noun
the advantanges and disadvantages of something

### Assertive: adj
behaving in a confident way, so that people notice you

### Loopholes: noun
a small mistakes in a law that makes it possible to avoid doing something that the law is supposed to make you do

### stand out
1. to be very easy to see or notice

### steer
1. to control the direction a vehicle is going, for example by turning a wheel

### bulldoze
1. to destroy building etc with a bulldozer
2. to push objects such as earth and rocks out of the way with a bulldozer

### disregarding
to ignore something or treat it as unimportant

### comply
to do what you have to do or are asked to do

### highlight
1. to make a problem or subject easy to notice so that people pay attention to it.
2. to mark written words with a special coloured pen, or in a different colour on a computer

### consultative
providing advice and suggesting solutions to problems

### embark
to go onto a ship or a plane, or to put or take something onto a ship or plane

### subsidies
money that is paid by a government or organization to make prices lower, reduce the cost of producing goods etc.

### aspire
to desire and work towards achieving something important

### holistic
1. considering a person or thing as a whole, rather than as separate parts

### point out
1. to tell someone something that they did not already know or had not thought about
2. to show something to someone by pointing at it

### auditory
relating to the ability to hear

- - -
## Notes
1. Practice more how to answer to questions using how and why.
2. Use useful expressions to express my opinion like
  in my opinion, it seems to me that, contrarily etc.

- - -

# Today

I'm doing good.
I worked from home as usual today.
And I had a job interview, it was a technical interview.
I got nervous and couldn't answer technical questions well.
I hope I will pass it.
But I'm OK, it's good experience.
I will do well next time, at another interview.
