---
title: "2021-05-10: English"
date: 2021-05-10T18:23:24+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/05/10 Lesson - Touchstone3
TOUCHSTONE 3 - Unit 1 - "Lesson B - Listening and Speaking - Activity 3" - Page 5

I practiced to express people I admire using words of personality and character.

## Vocabulary

### criticize
1. to express your disapproval of someone or something, or to talk about their faults

### complain
to say that you are annoyed, not satisfied, or unhappy about something or someone.

### distract
to take someone's attention away from something by making them look at or listen to something else

## What I couldn't say but I wanted
I admire one of friend.
He looks always happy and full of life.
He always actively try to do what he wants to do.
He didn't go a university or college, however he acquired many skills by himself, for example, English, Information technology, and so on.
Moreover, he can run a marathon less than three hours.
I met him at a company as a colleague about twenty years ago.
We both like films, comics, rock music, and computer science,
it took no time to get along with us.
He often gets angry with rude people who don't follow rules or do things publicly in bad manner. That is to say, he gets aggressive easily.
On the other hand, I don't get angry often like him,
provided that the person don't waste my time or don't treat me in a very offensive manner.

I admire 'Bear Grylls' who is a adventurer.
He can survive even in a jungle, islands where nobody lives, or even tundra zone  with a few items.
His skill for surviving is amazing.
He and I have nothing in common, we are different at all.
If I were in a jungle, I will die soon with poison snake bites, crocodiles bites or starvation and dehydration, I bet.

I was with my wife on Mother's day, not with my parents.
Because both my parents and I didn't get vaccinated yet now,
so I'm afraid that I make them infected with coronavirus.
Instead, I sent a set of black tea to my Mom for Mother's day.
It's not common in Japan, I think.
To send some flowers to Mom on Mother's day is common in Japan.
However, I wanted to send a set of black tea which my mom likes.
She was glad to have it and we enjoyed conversation on the phone.
It was nice Mother's day, I feel.

- - -

# Today
I worked from home today.
I had a relaxing Golden week and it's been a while since I worked,
so I'm tired today.

# The last Golden week

I enjoyed the last Golden week very much.
I took a walk with my wife in the town,
and we found cafes, supermarkets and parks which we didn't know so far.
In addition, it's good exercise for us during Golden week under the state of emergency due to spread of coronavirus.

I went surfing almost everyday at time around sunset in order to avoid crowded sea with surfers.

Furthermore, I studied for the certification exam of cloud technology and English.
As a result, I got the highest score of TOEIC I've ever have.
And I passed the certification exam of cloud technology.

Although I didn't go on a trip during Golden week, I'm satisfied with it.
It was nice long holidays for me.

How about you?
