---
title: "2021-11-05: English"
date: 2021-11-05T17:55:52+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/11/05 Current Events (BEA)

[Kanye West Asks Court to Change his Name to Ye](https://eikaiwa.dmm.com/app/daily-news/article/kanye-west-asks-court-to-change-his-name-to-ye/YzDtVgW3Eeypt4ffz54cmA)

## Vocabulary

### nimble, SYN: agile
1. able to move quickly and easily with light neat movements

### minor: noun
1. someone who is below the age at which they become legally responsible for their actions

### endearment
actions or words that express your love for someone

### acrostic
a poem or piece of writing in which are first or last letter of each line spells a word

## about my name

My name is Naoki.
My parents wished that I will become an honest and stable man, so they named me Naoki.
Naoki is composed of Nao and Ki in Japanese Kanji.
Nao contains meanings of straight, honesty, or purity.
Ki contains meanings of a big tree, independence, or stability.

## Unusual name
Some parents name their children unusual names.
In my opinion, basically every parents should name their children a name that they want to.
However, I think that they mustn't name their children a name shows that they're uneducated or their self-satisfied.
Because their children will suffer a loss from their weird names.
For example, there was a child who was named 'Devil' in Japanese before.
At that time, the court rejected the name due to abuses parental authority.

In Japan, Most parents give their children names in the hope that they will be happy in the future, so they put a lot of wishes into their child's name.
Parents should not give their children weird names just because they want to stand out on social media networks.
