+++
title =  "2021-01-12: English"
date = 2021-01-12T09:21:02+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning", "self-introduction"]
+++

# Review 2021/01/12 Lesson - Discussion culture

## Vocabulary

### intention
a plan or desire to do something

I go shopping with intention of buying what I should.
I don't go while I have no intention of buying something.

### serenade
1. a song sung to someone, especially one that a man performs for the woman he loves while standing below her window at night

In Philippines, she says that a man sings a serenade for a woman he loves when he proposes her for marriage.

### courtship
1. the period of time during which a man and woman have a romantic relationship before marrying

In these years, it is said that some people got married without any courtship in Japan. I don't imagine that.

### pageantry
impressive ceremonies or events, involving many people wearing special clothes

The pageantry is important for people to band together.

### perspective
1. a way of thinking about something, especially one which is influenced by the type of person you are or by your experiences  
* from somebody's perspective

## Notes
I should use the following words when I deliver my opinion.
* from my perspective
* personally speaking
* from my standpoint
* in my opinion

In addition, I should use fillers while I'm thinking, like the following.
* well, let me see
* well, let me think
* as far as I remember
* I suppose

- - -

## Self-Introduction

Good evening, Ms.Cassey.  
How are you doing?  
...  
I'm grad to hear that. I'm doing good, too.  
...  

I'd like to introduce myself.  
I'm Naoki Morita.  
I'm residing in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan.  

How about you?

Nice to meet you, too, Ms.Fammi.

### Job

I'm a software engineer.
I majored in information technology at graduate school.
I've worked in the software and network field for eighteen years.

### English

I began to learn English at MeRISE last May.
I'd like to speak English smoothly and fluently for traveling, a job interview and catching up with new technology.

### Goals of English

I have three goals for learning English.
Firstly, I want to enjoy trip to foreign countries, I can't go anywhere now due to this pandemic, though.
Secondly, I want to work for international company using English, or work abroad.
Lastly, I need to catch up with new technology so that I need to read technical documents and books, and to attend international conferences.
I'd like to enjoy English class to improve my English.

### Marriage

I've got married last March and I honeymooned in England, Scotland, Canada and America.
I had a lot of fun. I want to visit again.
However, my wife blamed me for not being able to relax.
Yeah, I know. Because it was a really busy trip with many moving.
So, when I travel next time, I will stay in one place and have relaxing time.

### usual weekdays

I usually work from home since this March.
It's because of the pandemic.
Pandemic is too bad, however,
I prefer the current working style to before the pandemic.
I don't have to commute to work. It takes one and a half hours for one way.
It was a waste of time and kept giving me stressed.
I don't wanna commute anymore, even after pandemic has gone.
I'm working from home comfortably, now.

### usual weekends

I usually go shopping, and jogging or surfing.
I like surfing.
Because I can feel free by riding waves.
Surfing can relieve my stress.
And it's definitely fun, I enjoy it.

The nearest beach is a 10 minutes bike ride from my apartment.
I always go there for surfing.
- - -

## Phrasal verbs: Part 1

### 031: **bring** someone **up** short

- His attitude brought me up short.
- He was really rude, wasn't he?

### 032: **build in** a bookshelf

- I can't build in a bookshelf for my room.
- Because I rent my room and its owner prohibits to build in any furniture for the room.

### 033: **build in** the cost

- I bought some parts for this computer, but I hadn't built in the cost for the budget. I should have done that.

### 034: The chip is already **built in**

- I don't have to buy another camera, because it's already built in the laptop.

### 035: **build on** one's plan

- I am about to build on my plan I made before, but I think I'd better fix it.

### 036: be **built on** trust

- All relationship should been built on trust, but some is not.

### 037: traffic **builds up**

- Traffic builds up on the highway the end of every year, so I don't want to drive on the highway.

### 038: **build up** confidence

- I have no idea to build up my confidence.
- However, I believe that to keep studying builds up my confidence.

### 039: **call for** his resignation

- Many people want to call for the President's resignation.

### 040: be not **called for**

- That kind of rude behavior was not called for in this team, I think.
- However, the team leader allowed him to do that.
