---
title: "2021-04-04: English"
date: 2021-04-04T16:47:09+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/04/04 Lesson

## An example using dropped syllable words I learned

Hi, Mr.Sato.
Are you interested in developing a system for supporting automated driving?
I'm planning a project to develop such a system in the near future,
and I'm looking for a good developer.

Thank you for informing me that.
I'm interested in that very much actually.
However, I don't suppose you can wait for me for a while?
Because I'm involved in several projects now.

Sure. I'm planning to begin this project in six months.
This project is something that I have personally wanted to work on for a long time.
So I definitely want to make it a success, and I need good engineers like you.

## What I could't say but I wanted to say

How long does it take to go to the nearest beautiful sea except Okinawa?

The nearest beautiful sea is Kagoshima in Kyushu region.
It might take one hour and half flight plus three hours drive.

Have you ever got motion sickness?

Yes, I have.
I get motion sickness easily.
If I board on a car as a passenger,
I must get motion sickness after two or three hours.
So I usually get some sleep in the car or take a medicine for it.
However, I don't get motion sickness when I drive myself.

- - -

# Today

Last week, I was preparing for Amazon certification exam.
I went for having the exam yesterday and I passed it.
The exam is not difficult, but I'm always a bit nervous for exams.
Because taking the exam is not free and it takes some time to prepare the exam, so I don't want to waste my money and time.
Anyway, I felt relieved to pass it.

Today, I took a walk looking at cherry blossoms and going to the nearest shrine to pray. I prayed for my family's heath and wealth.
Last week there were some windy days, so cherry blossoms are going to fall.
I like the bloom of cherry blossoms and like also they're falling.
Cherry blossoms are beautiful because they fall. It means the fragility of the world.

How about your day-off?
What were you doing?
