---
title: "2021-08-26: English"
date: 2021-08-26T15:55:55+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/08/26 Elective Listening (YVEE)

[Why Wagyu Beef Is So Expensive](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CTzhqVHmww)

This is Wagyu beef.
One of the most expensive meats in the world.
Produced in Japan and prized for its rich marbling and buttery taste.
High-grade Wagyu can cost up to $200 per pound,
and the cows themselves can sell for as much as 30,000 dollars, but what is it that makes the meat so expensive?

The term Wagyu literally translates to Japanese cows,
and it generally refers to four main breeds.
These cows were bred for physical endurance giving them more intramuscular fat cells.
The fat is distributed more evenly throughout their muscle which is why Wagyu beef looks pink and taste so tender,
and the Japanese government tightly regulates Wagyu production to protect the value and quality of the meat.
Wagyu is graded on two main factors,
how much meat can be yielded,
and the quality of the mottled fat.
Only a three to A5 Wagyu is certified for sale in Japan,
and the higher the grade the higher the price.

Wagyu beef has gained almost legendary status,
and there are many myths about Wagyu farms, and the way the animals are treated from getting daily massages to being fed beer, but these often aren't true.
The cows are raised very differently in each region, and by different farmers, but they're often raised by a breeder until they're about ten months old,
and then sold at auction to a fattening father.
By the time the calves are sold at auction they can already fetch 40 times the price of U.S.
Cattle the fattening farmer will keep the animals in small pens,
and feed them a mixture of fiber and high-energy concentrate made from rice wheat and hay.
They're often fed this three times a day for almost two years until the animals are almost 50% fat.
Only the pregnant cows and breeding cattle are allowed to graze on pasture.
The length of the fattening process and the import prices of the huge amount of concentrated feed increases the cost of the beef,
and over this fattening period each cow Elite 5 tons of feed.
If and when a cow goes to auction it can sell for as much as $30,000.

Comparatively Black Angus cattle which are considered the cream of the crop in countries like the United States and Australia typically don't sell for more than $3,000,
and depending on the kind the Wagyu can fetch close to $200 per pound.
High marbling is the common goal, but the approach varies by farm and
area.
While there are more than 300 varieties of Wagyu available,
the most notable cuts come from ten regions.
One of the most expensive cuts is Matsusaka Wagyu from Mie Prefecture made exclusively convergent female cows and highly prized for its tenderness.
In 2002, one Matsusaka cow sold for 50 million yen or roughly $400,000,
however the best-known cart of Wagyu is Kobe beef, which comes from the city of Kobe in Hyogo prefecture, and is made exclusively from steers or castrated bulls.
Although Kobe is commonly seen on US restaurant menus.
Customers should be wary of items like Kobe burgers as authentic Kobe beef is too tended to be formed into a patty.
Several U.S. restaurants are actually serving hybrid Wangus beef from domestically raised Wagyu and Angus cows.
The highest-ranking Wagyu is A5 Miyazaki, a two-time winner of the Wagyu Olympics.
A5 Miyazaki will cost you $100 or more per pound.
AtSakura in New York City is the Wagyu of choice.
The restaurant is best known for serving it in an $85 Katsu sandwich,
a popular Japanese style sandwich.

On a busy night, we probably serve about 25 of them at $85.

Because what you soul finds in the U.S.
Yes, we do have a number of customers coming to us just to try the Wagyu.
Sometimes two top will come and just order the sandal by itself.
There are a lot of tariffs and quotas on Japanese beef imports,
and it's actually not allowed to import live cattle.
So it is very difficult to source Wagyu.

So is it worth it, we decide to have our team give A5 Miyazaki Wagyu a try.
And there might be something even more sought-after than the A5 Miyazaki.
Hell does the rarest steak in the world.
Oliver who comes from cattle raised on pressed dry Olive peels mixed into their feet.
It was developed in 2006 by a Japanese cattle farmer named Misaki Ishi.
Only about 2,200 of these cows were slaughtered in 2018,
and they all live on the island of Shodo Shima, home to Japan's oldest olive oil plantation.
This special Wagyu is said to be extra tender and can cost anywhere from 120 to over $300 for a steak.
While Wagyu popularity grows worldwide, the domestic picture is a little different.
Wagyu popularity in Japan is actually slumping slightly,
and the country imported more US beef than any other country as of 2017.
The value of Japanese exports of Wagyu has risen over 200 percent in the past five years,
and as Japan's population ages farmers are struggling to keep up with the increased global demand, raising prices even more.
But the high cost hasn't discouraged international sales.
In 2013, Japan exported 5 billion yen worth of Wagyu.
Last year, exports hit 24.7 billion yen, and many producers are now getting halal certifications for their slaughterhouses, so they can export to Muslim countries.
However, Japan may eventually have some competition, when it comes to producing high-quality Wagyu.
Countries like the US, Australia, and the UK have been working on breeding their own Wagyu, usually relying on crossbreeding.
Most British American and Australian Wagyu are only 50% purebred, but that may be changing soon.
In the UK, for example, the Wagyu breeders Association now registers DNA verified full-blood Wagyu Bulls and certifies authentic British Wagyu.
New methods and increased regulation may result in a product as good as the original, which means that as soon could be a lot more Wagyu that costs a lot less.

## Summary

The Japanese government tightly regulates Wagyu production to protect the value and quality of the meat.
The length of the fattening process and the import prices of the huge amount of concentrated feed increases the cost of the beef.
There are notable and expensive Wagyu beef in Japan, Matsusaka, Kobe, and Miyazaki. They get popularity all over the world.
As Japan's population ages farmers are struggling to keep up with the increased global demand, raising prices even more.
The exports of Wagyu beef from Japan is increasing even the high price, despite of its high price.
However, Japan may eventually have some competition, when it comes to producing high-quality Wagyu.
Countries like the US, Australia and the UK have been working on developing new methods and regulations, they may produce a product as good as the original Wagyu beef.
That means that as soon could be a lot more Wagyu that costs a lot less.

## Notes
* Practice more to use adjectives
* Speak further using transitions

## Vocabulary

### marbling
a way of decorating something such as paper or wood with a pattern that looks like marble

### breed
1. a type of animal that is kept as a pet or on a farm
2. a particular kind of person or type of thing

### tender
1. tender food is easy to cut and eat, especially because it has been well cooked

### hybrid
1. an animal or plant produced from parents of different breeds or types
2. something that consists of or comes from a mixture or two or more other things

### endurance
the ability to continue doing something difficult or painful over a long period of time

### graze
1. if an animal grazes, or if you graze it, it eats grass that is growing

### pasture
1. land or a field that is covered with grass and is used for cattle, sheep etc to feed on

### cattle
cows and bulls kept on a farm for their meat or milk

### convergent
1. to come from different directions and meet at the same point to become one thing
2. if groups of people converge in in a particular place, they come there from many different places and meet together to form a large crowd

### authentic
1. done or made in the traditional or original way

### source
1. if goods are sourced from a particular place, they are obtained from that place

### slaughter
1. to kill an animal, especially for its meat

### popularity
when something or someone is liked or supported by a lot of people

### slump
1. to fail or lean against something because you are not strong enough to stand
2. to suddenly go down in price, value, or number

### slightly
1. a little

### castrated
to remove the testicles of a male animal or a man

### tariff
1. a tax on goods coming into a country or going out of a country

### quota
1. an official limit on the number or amount of something that is allowed in a particular period

### sought-after
wanted by a lot of people but rare or difficult to get

---
# Today
I'm doing good.
I work from home today as usual.
I tried to book getting vaccine online, but I couldn’t.
Because many people want to book it and there is not enough vaccines.
