---
title: "2021-12-15: English"
date: 2021-12-15T16:50:45+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/12/15 Conversation (KAT)
I learned Correlative Conjunction.
It can primarily be broken down into three categories.

1. Coordinating conjunctions
2. Subordinating conjunctions
3. Correlative conjunctions

## Correlative conjunctions
* They are simply paris of conjunctions used in a sentence to join different words or groups of words in a sentence together.
* They generally not used to link sentences themselves, instead, they link two or more words or equal importance within the sentence itself.

1. both / and
2. either / or
3. just as / so
4. neither / nor
5. not only / but also
6. whether / or
7. no sooner ... than
8. hardly / when
9. if / then
10. rather / or

## Examples
1. Both love and money are necessary to live through life.
2. We sometimes have to either work for what you want to accomplish or choose your fruitful family life.
3. Just as you love your family so they loves you as well.
4. Neither an acquaintance helps you nor does they look for your job, so you should treasure your warm friends.
5. I need skills not only of technology but also to explain well.
6. It doesn't matter whether the omicron variant may be serious or just the same as common cold, you must to be careful of it for now.
7. No sooner had I arrived at the beach to surf than it started to thunder, so I wasn't able to surf.
8. I had hardly come back home soaking with heavy rain when it stopped raining.
9. If Mt.Fuji erupted, then Tokyo gets severe damage.
10. I'd rather live near a beach than a mountain.

## Vocabulary
### coordinate
1. to organize an activity so that the people involved in it work well together and achieve a good result

### subordinate
to put someone or something in a less important position

### forfeit
to lose a right, position, possession etc or have it taken away from you because you have broken a law or rule

### correspondence
1. the letters that someone sends and receives, especially official or business letters
3. a relationship or connection between two or more ideas or facts

### droop
1. to hang or bend down, or to make something do this
2. to become sad or weak

### simultaneous
things that are simultaneous happen at exactly the same time

---
# Review 2021/09/30 Conversation - Expressing preferences
I really enjoy learning English.
However, I don't really feel that I've improved English skill, in spite of I keep studying.
So, I feel a bit tired of it.
I need to find learning English enjoyable and exciting again.
Because I need English for improvement not only at work but also on my life.

I'm very interested in changing my job into a cloud company.
Because I really adore new technology and love to learn new things.
I don't really like routing works.
I can't stand keeping the same things through my life.
I find the current work a bit dull because I don't have enough time to develop by myself.

---
# Review 2021/10/03 Conversation - Relative pronouns
The man whom I talked with today was the person who interviewed me a half year ago.
He was so polite and gentle that I was able to talk comfortably.
At the same time, I feel it will be tough to pass again the job interview, which I had passed before.
The job that I want to have looks so exciting that I will try to pass it.

---
# Today

I had tires of my car exchanged, since the treads on my my tires are really worn ont.
After that, the noise from roads was reduced.