---
title: "2021-11-25: English"
date: 2021-11-25T14:07:16+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/11/25 Conversation - Participle clauses

1. Present participles
  - going, reading, seeing, walking, etc.
2. Past participles
  - gone, read, seen, walked, etc.
3. perfect participles
  - having gone, having read, having seen, having walked

## Notes
* We can use participle clauses when the participle and the verb in the main clause have the same subject.
* Participle clauses do not have a specific tense.
* The tense is indicated by the verb in the main clause.

## Table

| | | participle form |
|---|---|---|
| active | simultaneous action | present participle |
| active | sequential action | perfect participle |
| passive | simultaneous and sequential actions | past participle |

## 1. Present participle clauses
Present participles have a similar meaning to active verbs.

1. To give the result of an action
2. To give the reason for an action
3. To talk about an action that happened at the same time as another action
4. To add information about the subject of the main clause

### Example
1. I studied hard for the exam, passing it eventually.
2. Having enough spare time, I spent my time for getting some qualifications.
3. Being on a train to the office, I studied for the exam.
4. Starting in this month, I began to study for the another exam.

## 2. Past participle clauses
Past participles normally have a passive meaning.

1. With a similar meaning to an if condition
2. To give the reason for an action
3. To add information about the subject of the main clause

### Example
1. Handled roughly, a surfboard can break easily.
2. Swallowed by a big wave, I was almost drown.
3. Enlarged by the typhoon, every wave was so good to surf.

## 3. Perfect participle clauses
Perfect participle clauses show that the action they describe was finished before the action in main clause.
Perfect participle can be structured to make an active or passive meaning.

### Example
1. Having worn a wetsuit, globes and boots, I go surfing even in winter.
2. Having been disappointed about the workplace, I started preparing for changing a job.

## 4. Participle clauses after conjunctions and prepositions
It's also common for participle clauses, especially with -ing, to follow conjunctions and prepositions such as before, after, instead of, on, since, when, while and in spite of.

1. Before surf, you should stretch well to avoid getting injured.
2. Instead of complaining about your situation, look for something you can do to improve the situation.
3. On coming back home, I took a shower to warm my body.
4. While listening to music, I worked from home as usual.
5. In spite of having made several mistakes, I still expect myself too much.

---

# Review 2021/11/19 Conversation - Past/Present/Future method

I have been borrowed a room so far since I left from my hometown.
Because I had moved many times for business, for example, Kanagawa, Osaka and Fukuoka.
Now I live in Fujisawa, Kanagawa.
I like this town where has a beach that fits surfing so that I feel free to go surfing.

By the way, my parents and my wife's parents are getting old.
Probably, we should take care of them in ten years.
Therefore, we can not decide to buy a house here.
What's more, the price of a house in Japan is extremely expensive that we have to pay for it fore the rest of our life.

If I were rich, I could have bought houses here and in the country side.
In addition, I could have supported our parents using nursing service.
We have many things to think about our future.

Anyway, I hope that we will live our cat near a beautiful beach where I can surf someday.
