---
title: "2021-09-17: English"
date: 2021-09-17T17:31:51+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/09/17 Current Events (BEA)

[Miracle Puppy](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2103/210311-miracle-puppy.html)

## Notes
* Learn more vocabulary and utilize them

## Vocabulary ant the example
I feel happy to look a litter of cats or dogs.
Although I like both, I would say that I prefer feline to canine.
Because cats are independent and look always enjoying their life.
They scoot around and play with something, and usually sleep.
They thrive like veteran in life.
I'd like to live with them some day.

By the way, Olympic and Paralympic games have ended at last.
They were amazing, they beyond humans, I think.
I was surprised and impressed especially with Paralympians.
Although they were born with congenital conditions on their pelvis, internal organs or etc., they are determined and thrive, and show their amazing performance.
I have the highest respect for their determination.
I would like to live with confidence and determination and enjoy my life like them.

### litter
2. a group of baby animals that a mother gives birth to at the same time

### congenital
1. a congenital medical condition or disease has affected someone since they were born

### pelvic
the set of large wide curved bones at the base of your spine, to which your legs are joined

### region
2. a particular part of someone's body

### organ
1. a part of the body, such as the heart or lungs, that has a particular purpose

### canine
relating to dogs

### feline
1. relating to cats or other members of the cat family, such as lions

### thrive
to become very successful or very strong and healthy

### scoot
1. to move quickly and suddenly

### veteran
2. someone who has had a lot of experience of a particular activity

### conjoin
to join together, or to make things or people do this

---

# Today
I'm feeling good today.
I worked from home as usual.
By the way, I take a nap after lunch in these days.
It can get sleepiness away.
So, I feel good to focus on my work again.

Today was almost cloudy and it's raining now.

I ate a sausage roll and a blueberry pie for breakfast.
My wife baked them.
For lunch, I had steamed rice, miso-soup, and leftovers for dinner last night.
