---
title: "2021-08-19: English"
date: 2021-08-19T17:29:25+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/08/19 Lesson - Touchstone3

I talked about good and bad experiences asking questions.

## Notes
* I ought to extend my answer with reasons, examples, details, speculations or guesses for questions in order to carry on a conversation.
* When I speculate or guess something, I can use "I might know", "I would say", "Perhaps", "I doubt", "I expect", "Some people would say", and so on.

## Vocabulary and the example

I had an acquaintance who is really observant.
She easily found my bit lapse, like a lapse of the pen, a small bruise of my knee or a slip of the tongue or memory, and she pointed out them every time.
That made me bored and tired, sometimes irritated.
I know she intended no offense, she had a sensitive personality to be care too much about every small things.
Have you ever had such an acquaintance or a friend?

### acquaintance
1. someone you know, but who is not a close friend
2. a relationship with someone you know, but who is not a close friend

### observant
1. good or quick at noticing things
2. obeying laws, religious rules etc

### lapse
1. a short period of time during which you fail to do something well or properly, often caused by not being careful
2. a failure to do something you should do, especially to behave correctly

### bruise
1. a purple or brown mark on your skin that you get because you have fallen, been hit etc.

---

# Today

I'm doing good.
It's fine today, it had been raining for the last three days though.
I worked from home today as usual.
I've been working from home since this pandemic happened,
so it's been one and half year.
