---
title: "2021-10-29: English"
date: 2021-10-29T17:44:01+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/10/29 Current Events (BEA)

[Japan's Princess Mako Marries, Loses Royal Status](https://eikaiwa.dmm.com/app/daily-news/article/japans-princess-mako-marries-loses-royal-status/AccC1Da-EeyTpismLb2Sjw)

## Vocabulary and the example
I wish that Princess Mako will be happier hereafter.
In my opinion, everyone mustn't complaint about other's marriage.
It's good if the married couple is happy.

By the way, most of Japanese isn't pretty interested in this topic actually, I guess.
Most commoners focus on their lives, not nobilities' one.
It seems to me that there is no journalists in Japan, just only Paparazzi who is always trying to pick a fight with somebody.
Princess Mako was targeted by them this time, that's the truth I think.

We have many things to think rather than discussing about the issue.
For instance, vaccines and medicines for COVID-19, recession from this pandemic, decreasing birthrate and aging of the population, climate change, getting worse social division, rise of China, etc.
In my case, I have many things to do, like studying English, improving skills, changing the job, earning more money, surviving this tough world and so on.

I wish that Japanese journalists let us know more important facts and thoughts to make us happier and wiser.

### commoner
someone who is not a member of the nobility

### nobility
the quality of being noble

### succession
3. the act of taking over an official job or position, or the right to be the next to take it

### banquet
1. a formal dinner for many people on an important occasion

### ritual
1. a ceremony that is always performed in the same way, in order to mark an important religious or social occasion

### entitle
1. to give someone the official right to do or have something

### irreplaceable
too special, valuable, or unusual to be replaced by anything else

### dispute
1. a serious argument or disagreement

### diagnose
to find out what illness someon has, or what the cause of a fault is, after doing tests, examinations etc.

### traumatic
a traumatic experience is so shocking and upsetting that it affects you for a long time

---

# Today
I worked from home today as usual.

I went surfing after work.
I swallowed by the wave and it broke my surfboard a little.
The tip of it was dinted a bit.
Fortunately, it will not matter for riding waves, I think.
I will be treat it more carefully hereafter.

I'm going to have my hair cut tomorrow.
My hair has grown out and it's annoying.
It takes time to dry my hair and it interferes surfing.

By the way, I'm studying for the certification exam of Amazon Web Services.
And they held the online training for the exam today and I took part in it.
It was excellent and it will be useful for the exam which I'm going to have next week.
You can have the exam whenever you want, you can book it online and you can choose the offline or online exam.
it's convenient.
But when you have it online, the problem is that you have to organize your room for it not to cheat.
Therefore, I usually choose offline exams.
