---
title: "2021-02-24: English"
date: 2021-02-24T20:10:29+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Review 2021/02/24 lesson - Idioms

### Idioms and the examples

#### 1. sort *sth/sb* out
1. to arrange or organize something that is mixed up or untidy, so that is is ready to be used

* As my room was messy, I sorted my room out first before working.
    I always do it recently since I began to work from home after this pandemic.
* My room was messy when I was a kid, because I felt sorting my room out tiring and boring.

#### 2. settle for *sth*
to accept something even though it is not the best, or not what you really want

* I was disappointed with the result, however I had to settled for it.
    Still I'm confused with it and I may not be able to accept it yet.
* I don't settle for the result, I will do it over.

#### 3. count on *sb/sth*
1. to depend on someone or something, especially in a difficult situation

* I should not have counted on luck, I should have studied it well.
    There is not point in regretting it, so I will definitely study it from now on.
* He has been counting on luck and getting through any difficulties so far.
    It's unfair, isn't it?

#### 4. fall behind *sb/sth*
1. to go more slowly than other people so that they gradually more further ahead of you.
3. to fail to finish a piece of work or pay someone money that you owe them at the right time

- I took a few days off sick, I fell behind the schedule.
    I'll catch up with my work.
* We fell behind the schedule a lot. So, we have to hurry the work.

#### 5. do *sth/sb* over
2. to do something again, especially because you did it wrong the first time

* I didn't get enough score at the latest TOEIC test, so I will have to do it over.
    I will prepare to get score in reading section for the test.
* I fixed the chair, but it broke down again. I will do it over.

### Vocabulary

* probation
    2. a period of time, during which an employer can see if a new worker is suitable

- - -

## Listening: 06

### Dictation

* M: I can't believe that Suzy is going to graduate from college next month.
* F: I know how you feel. I still think **of** her **as** a little girl, but she's a grown woman.
* M: I have a great idea. Let's throw her a big party. She deserves it. She's **been** so responsible.
* F: OK. I'll reserve a private room ~~has~~ **at** her favorite restaurant.
* M: **And** I'll get a professional photographer, so we'll have some really good pictures.
* F: Suzy would like that **since** she ~~could~~ ~~study~~ **studied** photography. What about her presents?
* M: There is a designer blouse I know she wants. And she has a weakness for dark chocolate.
* F: That sounds good. Who should we invite?
* M: I'm sure **she'll want her** grandpa and grandma ~~will~~ **to** come. I'm not sure about her friends.
* F: She said something about **an** argument with his best friend.
* M: Oh, dear! We'd better ask her who she wants to invite.
* F: We need to ask her what day ~~we'll~~ **would** be convenient, too.
* M: Let's call her tonight. I think she ~~'ll~~ get**s** home from her lectures at about six o'clock.
