---
title: "2021-05-02: English"
date: 2021-05-02T16:01:12+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/05/02 Lesson - Elective Listening

[How to embrace emotions at work](https://www.ted.com/talks/liz_fosslien_how_to_embrace_emotions_at_work?language=en#t-5252)

## Summary
A pervasive myth exists that emotions don't belong at work,
however we can work effectively and comfortably if we embrace emotion at work.
To do that, we can learn selective vulnerability with practice.
It makes you express your emotion appropriately.

There are four ways to get started.
Firstly, flag your feelings without becoming emotionally leaky.
Secondly, identify what's going on behind your emotion.
Thirdly, put yourself in other person's shoes.
Lastly, read the room and provide a path forward.

When we use selective vulnerability, we can be happier and more productive.
Therefore, selective vulnerability might just become one of your most valuable tools.

### 00:00
No matter how hard you might try, you can't just flip a switch when you step into the office and turn your emotions off. Feeling feelings is part of being human.

### 00:09
[The Way We Work]

### 00:13
A pervasive myth exists that emotions don't belong at work, and this often leads us to mistakenly equate professionalism with being stoic or even cold.
But research shows that in the moments when our colleagues drop their glossy professional presentation, we're actually much more likely to believe what they're telling us.
We feel connected to the people around us. We try harder, we perform better and we're just generally kinder. So it's about time that we learn how to embrace emotion at work.

### 00:41
Now, that's not to say you should suddenly become a feelings fire hose.
A line exists between sharing, which builds trust, and oversharing, which destroys it.
If you suddenly let your feelings run wild at work and give people far more information than they bargained for, you make everyone around you uncomfortable and you also undermine yourself.
You're more likely to be seen as weak or lacking self awareness, so, great to say you weren't feeling well last night -- you don't need to go into every lurid detail about how you got reacquainted with your half-digested dinner.

### 01:14
So there's a wide spectrum of emotional expression.
On one hand, you have under-emoters, or people who have a hard time talking about their feelings,
and on the other end are over-emoters, those who constantly share everything that's going on inside,
and neither of these make for a healthy workplace.

### 01:32
So what's the balance between these two extremes? It's something called selective vulnerability.
Selective vulnerability is opening up while still prioritizing stability and psychological safety, both for you and for your colleagues.
Luckily, anyone can learn to be selectively vulnerable, with practice.

### 01:51
Here are four ways to get started.
(Flag your feelings)
First, flag your feelings without becoming emotionally leaky.
Bad moods are contagious, and even if you're not vocalizing what you're feeling, chances are your body language or your expressions are a dead giveaway.

So if you are crossing your arms or hammering on your keyboard,
your coworkers are going to know you're upset.
And if you don't say anything, they might start to think it's about them and get worried.
So if you are reacting to a non-work-related event, so traffic for example, just flag it.
You don't need to go into detail. You can say something as simple as "I'm having a bad morning. It has nothing to do with you."
Now if it's a work-related event that's causing you to feel strong emotions, that brings us to point number two.

### 02:33
(Identify what's going on)
Try to understand the need behind your emotion, and then address that need.
If you suddenly start to find everyone around you irritating, sit back and reflect on that. And it might be that you're irritable because you're anxious, and you're anxious because you're worried about hitting a looming deadline.
And in that case, you can go back to your team to address that need and say something like, "I want to make sure I get everything done ahead of the deadline. Can you help me put together a realistic plan to do that?"

(Put yourself in their shoes)
If you're thinking of sharing, try and put yourself in the other person's shoes.
So if what you're about to say would help you feel more supported and better understand the situation, then go ahead and share it.
But if it gives you any kind of pause, you might want to leave it out.

### 03:16
(Read the room)
And finally, read the room and provide a path forward.
If everyone on your team has been pulling long hours,
and you notice that one of your colleagues seems particularly deflated or anxious, you can acknowledge that and show some empathy, but then try to give them something actionable that they could hold on to.
And in this case, you could suggest that you go to your manager and ask that your weekly meeting be pushed back a day so you both have more time to work.
You're showing you're invested in their success, but also that you care about their well-being.

### 03:45
When we can be honest about what we feel, and freely suggest ideas, make mistakes and just not have to hide every piece of who we are, we're much more likely to stay at the company for a long time. We're also happier and more productive.

### 03:59
So take a moment to reflect on the emotional expression that you bring to work each day. And if you are prone to oversharing, try editing.
And if you're a little bit more reserved, look for moments when you can open up to your colleagues and be a bit vulnerable.
And chances are, there will be a big difference in how people respond to you.
And selective vulnerability might just become one of your most valuable tools.

- - -

## Vocabulary

### prone
1. likely to do something or suffer from something, especially something bad or harmful

### deflate
if a tyre, balloon etc deflates, or if you deflate it, it gets smaller because the gas inside it comes out

### in somebody's shoes
in someone else's situation, especially a bad one

### sit back
1. to get into a comfortable position, for example in a chair, and relax
2. to relax and make no effort to get involved in something or influence what happens

### giveaway
1. something that makes it easy for you to guess something

### flag
1. to make a mark against some information to show that is is important

### leaky
a container, roof etc that is leaky has a hole or crack in it so that liquid or gas passes through it

### contagious
1. a disease that is contagious can be passed from person to person by touch

### open up
1. if opportunities open up, or a new situation opens them up, they become available or possible

### flip
1. to move something with a quick sudden movement so that is is in a different position

### acquainted
1. if you are acquainted with someone, you have met them a few times but do not know them very well

### run wild
2. if something runs wild, it is not controlled and operates in an extremely free way

### undermine
to gradually make someone or something less strong or effective

### bargain for something
(usually in negatives)to expect that something will happen and make it part of your plans

### embrace (SYN: hug)
1. to put your arms around someone and hold them in a friendly or loving way
2. to eagerly accept a new idea, opinion, religion etc

### glossy
1. shiny and smooth

### vibrant
1. full of activity or energy in a way that is exciting and attractive
2. a vibrant colour or bright and strong

### meditation
1. the practice of emptying your mind of thought and feelings, in order to relax completely or for religious reasons
2. the act of thinking deeply and seriously about something

### mediate
1. to try to end a quarrel between two people, groups, countries etc.
2. to change the effect or influence of something, especially to make the effect less bad

### stoic
1. someone who does not show their emotions and does not complain when bad things happen to them

### lurid
1. a description, story etc. that is lurid is deliberately shocking and involves sex or violence

### deliberately
1. done in a way that is intended or planned
2. done or said in a slow careful way

### loom
1. to appear as a large unclear shape, especially in a threatening way
2. if a problem or difficulty looms, it is likely to happen very soon

### pervasive
existing everywhere

### hardship
something that makes your life difficult or unpleasant, especially a lack of money, or the condition of having a difficult life

### imminent
an event that is imminent, especially an unpleasant one, will happen very soon

### Notes
1. Avoid one liner, speak further
2. Try to speak using PREP/OREO
3. Listen to specific information

### What I couldn't say but I wanted

I like watching movies.
I watch them on Amazon Prime Video now, but I used to Netflix.
Recently, I don't watch movies very much, so I unsubscribed Netflix.

By the way, I prefer villains to heroes.
Because they are same like us who have some troubles and struggle with difficult situation.
I have sympathy with them.
I like The Boys of Amazon Prime Video.
The Boys are guys whose lover or family are killed by heroes,
so they are trying to revenge to heroes.
Heroes in the move are not good at all, too bad guys instead.
They kill people freely and pretend to be nice guys.
Now the series published season 1 and 2.
I'm looking forward to the next season.
