+++
title =  "2021-01-13: English"
date = 2021-01-13T09:21:02+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Phrasal verbs: Part 1

### 041: **call in** the candidate

* The host of the TV show always calls in a guest.

### 042: **call in** sick

* If I don't call in sick when I get day-off due to unwell, I will be punished by my boss.

### 043: **call on** friends

* I want to call on my friend in England, but I can't due to this pandemic.

### 044: **call out** an electrician

* I don't like to make a phone call, so I don't want to call out an electrician.

### 045: **call out** for help

* If you met an emergency accident, you should call out for help at once.

### 046: **come about** by accident

* All murder cases don't come about by accident.

### 047: **come across** a friend

* I don't want to come across my colleagues on weekends.

### 048: a lecture does not **come across** well

* What he said didn't come across well for me, so I was bit irritated with that.

### 049: **come across** as self-confident

* I need to come across as self-confident at a job interview.

### 050: **come along** later

* You don't know the way to the office, do you? I'll come along with you.


## Writing: Part2 (20-22)

20. Speak about a famous foreign person that you know.
    - The famous foreign person I know is none.
    - I'm not interested in other people, not limited to famous foreign people.
    - I'm interested in just my family and friends.
    - Because other people don't matter for me, aside from my family and friends.
    - It's not worth to think about other people.
    - Therefore, I can't speak about other people because I don't know anyone.
21. What are the things you will do tomorrow?
    - I will prepare for changing job.
    - For instance, I will prepare my resume.
    - Because I'm bored and tired about my current job.
    - I am not assigned any task at all.
    - That's a sort of killing me in a way.
    - Therefore, I'm going to change my job.
22. Where do you buy books?
    - I buy books on Amazon online.
    - Because it's convenient.
    - For instance, I don't have to take it home even if it's heavy.
    - Therefore, I always buy almost everything on Amazon, not limited to books.

- - -

## Speaking: 21

1. She was doing her homework **in her room** at that time.
2. Is her husband rich?
  - No, he isn't.
3. The girl riding the horse is Emily.
4. This is a poem written by a famous poet.
5. Is that old man his grandfather?
  - Yes, he is.
6. When did it begin to snow?
7. This is the most interesting movie I've ever seen.
8. The movie we watched last week was very interesting.
9. She will never forget the man she met at that party.
10. I know all of them.

## Speaking: 22

1. This work is so important that we have to finish it first.
  - As this work is very important, we have to finish it first.
2. What were you doing with him at that time?
3. When she opened the store, she was twenty-three years old.
4. Can you see the dog which is running in the park?
5. Does your father know them?
  - Yes, he does.
6. She will be able to eat as much as you.
7. Does John clean his room every day?
  - No, he doesn't.
8. Who is the beautiful girl you spoke to?
  - Who is the pretty girl you were talking to?
9. I don't know why he quit his job.
10. Where do you want me to take **you**?

## Speaking: 23

1. The book I put on the desk one hour ago is not there.
2. When I met her five years ago, she was able to speak Japanese much better than now.
3. It's getting warm.
4. Were you dancing with Paul?
  - Yes, I was.
5. She wanted to buy a book to read on the train.
6. The dog goes there every day.
7. This is the best way to do the work.
8. Whose is this pencil?
9. Nancy ran as fast as she could.
10. All the money was stolen.

## Speaking: 24

1. There is a cute cat in the yard.
2. Many **of the** foreigners I know speak Japanese well.
3. Is your husband good at cooking?
  - Yes, he is.
4. Is he taking a shower?
  - No, he isn't.
5. Did you eat meat yesterday?
6. I will be home before seven o'clock.
7. This stone is heavier than that one.
8. My husband enjoys listening to jazz before he goes to bed.
9. I've always wanted to visit this town.
10. Do you want to go to the sea this afternoon?
  - Yes, I do.

## Speaking: 25

1. Does she have anything to do this evening?
2. When did Mr.Brown stop smoking?
3. How many roses did he buy there?
4. My mother made me read the book.
5. Do you know ~~someone~~ **anybody** ~~to~~ **who can** speak English and Chinese?
6. He went for a drink with his friends last night.
7. Who woke the baby?
8. He watches the TV program every week.
9. She has not seen Tom since then.
10. I want to see you as soon as possible.
