+++
title =  "2021-01-14: English"
date = 2021-01-14T09:21:02+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## News: Harry and Meghan to quit social media - 12th January, 2021

Reporters are saying the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have abandoned social media. The Duke (formerly Prince Harry) and his wife Meghan have reportedly said goodbye to their social media accounts. They want to focus on their new life together in the USA. The "Sunday Times" newspaper in the UK wrote that the couple have no plans to use social media for their non-profit organisation or for their personal lives. The newspaper said the couple have become sad and tired of all the "hate" they see online. They both decided to step down as active members of the British royal family last year. Since then, many people have attacked and criticised them on their Instagram account.

Harry and Meghans' main social media account was @sussexroyal on Instagram. They have 10.4 million followers on this account but have not posted any new content since March 2020. A source told the "Sunday Times" that the couple were "very unlikely" to use social media again. Meghan has spoken out about the harm social media can do.  She was the subject of many attacks after she married into Britain's royal family. She said she experienced "almost unsurvivable" online abuse and cyberbullying. She added that she was the most trolled person in the world in 2019. This news comes as social media companies are in the spotlight for suspending the accounts of US President Donald Trump.  

### Vocabulary

* reportedly
    - according to what some people say
* harm
    - damage, injury, or trouble cause by someone's actions or by an event
* abuse
    - cruel or violent treatment of someone
* bully
    - someone who uses their strength or power to frighten or hurt someone who is weaker
* troll
    - to leave offensive or upsetting messages on the Internet, just in order to get a reaction

### Discussion

* a) What do you think of social media?
    - It's convenient to contact with your family or friends you want to see.
* b) How important is social media to you?
    - It's not important for me at all.
    - Because I'm not interested in famous people's lives.
* c) What are the good things about social media?
    - Social media have good things to deliver your opinion around the world.
    - Even if you are not famous and any TV staffs are not interested about you, you can say what you want to around the world.
* d) What do you know about Meghan and Harry?
    - I don't know about them well.
    - I just know they were prince and princess in England.
* e) What hate do you see on social media?
    - I saw someone abused other people on social media.
    - In my opinion, people who abuse others have many troubles on their own lives.
    - Those people want others to respect them even if they don't do anything good.
* f) What is the best social media platform?
    - It's LINE.
    - Because I always use it for contact with my family and friends.
    - In addition, they don't upload their fancy pictures which I see on Facebook or Instagram.
* g) What do you think of Meghan and Harry abandoning social media?
    - It's good idea.
    - They should have done that earlier.
    - They don't have to care about people who try to attack them.
* h) What advice do you have for Meghan and Harry?
    - I have no advice to give them.
    - They should live on their own way.
    - Moreover, they don't need any advice from anyone, I think. 

- - -

## Writing: Part2 (20-22)

20. Speak about a famous foreign person that you know.
    - The famous foreign person I know is none.
    - I'm not interested in other people, not limited to famous foreign people.
    - I'm interested in just my family and friends.
    - Because other people don't matter for me, aside from my family and friends.
    - It's not worth to think about other people.
    - Therefore, I can't speak about a famous foreign person because I don't know them.
21. What are the things you will do tomorrow?
    - I will prepare for changing job.
    - For instance, I will prepare my resume.
    - Because I'm bored and tired about my current job.
    - I am not assigned any interesting task at all.
    - That's a sort of killing me in a way.
    - Therefore, I'm going to change my job.
22. Where do you buy books?
    - I buy books on Amazon.
    - Moreover, most of them are digital.
    - Because it's convenient.
    - For instance, you don't have to take it home and you can read it anywhere,
        provided that you have your smart-phone.
    - Therefore, I always buy books on Amazon.

- - -

## Phrasal verbs: Part 1

### 051: English is **coming along** well

* I feel my English has been coming along well since two years ago.
* I am truly glad that I started attending an English conversation school.

### 052: on opportunity **comes along**

* I don't want to miss an good opportunity to change my job that comes along.

### 053: **come around** to her house

* I want to come around to my friend but I can't due to this pandemic.

### 054: he'll **come around**

* He will never come around about that due to his stubborn.

### 055: spring has **come around**

* National Center Test for University Admissions has come around.
* It's so tough that I don't want to take the exam again.

- - -

## Speaking: 26

1. That woman can speak twenty languages.
2. Peter is the tallest student in this school.
3. Do you want me to read this article?
  - Yes, I do.
4. When did he go to India?
5. I think she is older than Tom.
6. Do you eat spaghetti every day?
  - Yes, I do.
7. The cat which is sleeping on the sofa is Tama.
8. She is as beautiful as a rose.
9. What he said may be true.
10. She went back to England for Christmas.

## Speaking: 27

1. She is beautiful and intelligent.
2. She looked up at the shining star.
3. Why did Tom eat nothing yesterday?
4. I have never read the poem.
5. It will be a lot of fun to study at this school.
6. As he was very hungry, he couldn't sleep.
7. He had enough money to buy the house.
8. That is the man everybody in the town respects.
9. You must do your homework before you watch TV.
10. When he came back, she felt happy.

## Speaking: 28

1. The girl had a basket which ~~is~~ **was** full of flowers.   
2. Where did you meat his sister?
3. Were there many things to see in that town?
4. I wonder who wrote such a beautiful poem.
5. Did he say anything?
6. His joke made her laugh.
7. Is that your jacket or his?
  - It's his.
8. She likes winter better than summer.
9. How fat that man is!
10. He didn't say he knew her.

## Speaking: 29

1. That is ~~the~~ **a** chair my son made.
2. I want you to listen to this song again.
3. Please call me again after ten.
4. Why can he speak Japanese so well?
5. I want to take my wife to Paris.
6. She meets him once a month.
7. Bob's car broke down on the way there.
8. She will never see them again.
9. You must not smoke here.
10. Where did your daughter find this book?

## Speaking: 30

1. Don't call her after ten.
2. Who opened the door?
3. What flower is that?
  - I wonder what flower that is.
4. They are going to stay at the hotel next week.
5. The boy was pale.
6. I have many things to learn.
7. Is the boy as tall as his father?
  - Has the boy become as tall as his father yet?
  - Yes, he ~~is~~ **has**.
8. He is always with Tom.
9. That is the restaurant which ~~was~~ opened last month.
10. How old was he when he wrote that poem?
