---
title: "2021-08-06: English"
date: 2021-08-06T09:32:18+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/08/06 Lesson - Touchstone3

I've learned grammar: present perfect.
It's the page 13, Unit2.

## Note
* I should express my emotion when I read any statements.
  Expressing emotion is an important thing for improving intonation.
* I should pronounce clearly and loudly.
* I should ask the teacher politely when I can't understand what she said.
* I should ask at least one question at the last of the lesson.

## Vocabulary and the example

Even though idea you heard is not breathtaking or not fascinated,
you should react in the affirmative.
Because the idea might bring you new idea or people around you might help you in the future.
Both young and elderly people will cooperate with those who are positive about their views.
So, it's better to affirm without immediately disagreeing and then think of a better way, I think.

### affirmative
an affirmative answer or action means 'yes' or shows agreement.

### breathtaking
very impressive, exciting, or surprising

### elderly
used as a polite way of saying that someone is old or becoming old

### fascinated
extremely interested by something or someone

## What I could't say but I wanted to say

* Why have you got vaccinated yet?

Because Japan don't have enough vaccine.
In addition, the government prioritize the elderly and young generation to get vaccinated. The government puts off vaccinating the middle-aged population.
I'm in the middle-aged so that I haven't got vaccinated yet,
and I don't know when I can get it.

## Others

I heard that Siaragao island in Philippines.
Siaragao is famous of excellent waves for surfing.
Many surfers come from all over the world.
Moreover, the teacher told me about the Chocolate Hills.

---

# Self Introduction

I'd like to introduce myself.
I'm Naoki Morita.
I'm residing in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan.
I work for HOGE Corporation as a software engineer.
I'm responsible for developing software in automotive industry.
I've been learning English at MeRISE since 2 years ago.
I want to improve my English conversation skills.
Thank you for your time today.

## usual weekdays

I usually work from home now.
It's because of COVID-19.
Pandemic is too bad, however,
I prefer the current working style to one before pandemic.
I don't have to commute to work. It takes one and a half hours.
It had wasted my time and kept giving me stressed.
I don't wanna commute anymore, even after pandemic has gone.
I'm working from home comfortably, now.

## usual weekends

I usually go shopping, surfing or studying.
I love surfing.
I can feel free during riding waves.
Surfing can relieves my stress.
And it's definitely fun, I enjoy it.

The nearest beach is 10 minutes bicycle away from my apartment.
I always go there for surfing.

## about English

I have three goals for learning English.
Firstly, I want to enjoy trip to foreign countries,
I can't go anywhere now due to pandemic, though.
Secondly, I want to work for international company using English,
or work abroad.
Lastly, I need to catch up with new technology
so that I need to read technical documents and books in English.
I'd like to enjoy English class to improve my English.

## Touchstone.3

I had Ms.Fammi's class using Touchstone3.
However, I decided to change my teacher
because she is often absent on her classes.
And, Ms.Yvee introduces you to me, she is my core teacher.
So, I'd like to have your class.
