---
title: "2021-11-27: English"
date: 2021-11-27T17:49:14+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/11/27 Multimedia Listening (BEA)
[Do 9 out of 10 dentists really recommend that toothpaste?](https://www.ted.com/talks/mona_chalabi_do_9_out_of_10_dentists_really_recommend_that_toothpaste/transcript#t-34874)

## Vocabulary and the example
When a serious trouble happens and you need to find the reason, you have something to be careful.
It's important to decide respondents who answer your questions as well as what you should ask them, when you try to find what's the problem.
They may deem that you're trying to find some who is responsible for the trouble or you're going to find someone who you will blame.
If they think so, they become skeptical and that would mislead you.
You should show that you're just legit and upfront to solve the problem and you don't have any ploys.
There is no methodology about that, you should just do your work with respects to others.
If you do that, some of them will be forthcoming.

### respondent
1. someone who answers questions, especially in a survey

### deem, SYN:consider
to think of something in a particular way or as having a particular quality

### mislead
to make someone believe something that is not true by giving them information that is false or not complete

### blame
1. to say or think that someone or something is responsible for something bad

### methodology
the set of methods and principles that you use when studying a particular subject or doing a particular kind of work

### ploy
a clever and dishonest way of tricking someone so that you can get an advantage

### skepticism
an attitude of doubting that particular claims or statements are true or that something will happen

### legit
1. legal or allowed by official rules
2. honest and not trying to deceive people

### upfront
1. behaving or talking in an honest way so that people know that you really think
2. paid before any work has been done or before goods are supplied

### forthcoming
1. a forthcoming event, meeting etc is one that has been planned to happen soon
2. willing to give information about something
3. if something is forthcoming, it is given or offered when needed - often used to say that this does not happen

---
# Study supplement
## Part.3
## Vocabulary
### brochure
a think book giving information or advertising something

### settle
2. to decide what you are going to do, especially so that you can make definite arrangements

### complimentary
1. given free to people
2. saying that you admire someone or something

### inspection
1. an official visit to a building or organization to check that everything is satisfactory and that rules are being obeyed
2. a careful examination of something to find out more about it or to check for anything wrong

---
# Today
In this morning, I had a exam of a technical vendor, about Linux operating system.
I passed it, but the certification requires passing two exams.
So, I will have an another exam next month.

In the afternoon, I did nothing, I was just lazy.
I watched TV, a table tennis game.
Now, a tournament of table tennis is been held in the United States.
Some Japanese players are participating in the game.
Today, a Japanese player fought with the number one player, a Chinese player.
The Japanese player unfortunately lost to the Chinese player, but it was a fantastic match.
They fought full games, and I was excited with it.
