+++
title =  "2021-01-18: English"
date = 2021-01-18T10:42:02+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2021/01/18 lesson

### Vocabulary

* alternate: verb
    - if two things alternate, or if you alternate them, they happen on after the other in a repeated pattern.
* reluctant
    - slow and unwilling

### Idioms

#### pull together

1. if a group of people pull together, they all work hard to achieve something
    - To finish the tough work on time, we all have to pull together.
    - I believe that we will finish this padnemic if we pull together.

#### put our/your/their heads together
* to discuss a difficult problem together
    - When three people put their heads together, they can solve any problem.
    - Even if you all put your heads together, you won't be able to find any solution.

#### take turns doing something / in turn

* If two or more people take turns doing work, using something etc, they do if one after the other, 
    for example in order to share the work or play fairly
    - When I was a child, I used to take turns playing video games with my friends in my friend's house.
    - When the house was burning, all the neighbors took turns pouring water in order to put out the fire.

#### play ball (with) / work with

* to do what someone wants you to do
    - Since he preferred to help another team, he refused to play ball.
    - As he promised to belong another team before, he didn't play ball.

#### do a favor

* to do something to help someone
    - Since he did a favor for me before, I will help him if he was in a trouble.
    - He always does a favor for lot of people, he is a kind of hero.

#### real sport

* someone who cooperates or does a favor willingly
    - The guide was a real sport for bringing me my bag I left behind on the bus even though he had a day off.
    - I like the person who is a real sport, not hypocrites.

#### bend over backwards (to do something) / go out of one's way to

* to try very hard to be helpful, to make extra effort to help or satisfy someone
    - He bends over backwards to satisfy his girlfriend, but it always turns out to be failed because he doesn't know her wants.
    - She always bends over backwards to cook for us, she may thinks it's a duty.

#### It takes two to tango
* cooperation is necessary to accomplish something
    - To ease this pandemic, the government and scientists need to pull together, it takes two to tango.
    - A wife and her husband need to cooperate in order to live happily, it takes two to tango.

- - -

## Today

https://eigo.plus/nichijoeikaiwa/how-are-you-feeling-today

It's been a while.
Are you feeling alright now?
You and Ms.Raf got sick last week, didn't you?

The number of people infected with the virus in Japan continues to rise.

Please take care of yourself, see you next time.

- - -

## Phrasal verbs Part 1

### 061: the price of gas **comes down**

* This pandemic brought the economic down and the price of gas came down.

### 062: **come from** Tokyo

* I said I came from Ise-city in Japan, but they didn't know Ise-city.

### 063: **come from** a rich family

* Mr.Trump comes from a rich family and he got arrogant very much.

### 064: **come from** a language

* The word "Ikura" which means salmon's eggs comes from Russian, not Japanese.

### 065: please **come in**

* Please come in, welcome to the jungle.

- - -

## News: https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2012/201231-the-year-2020-m.pdf

For billions of people around the world, January the 1st, 2020 seemed like a great day. It was the start of a year that sounded like science fiction - 2020. Many people had great hopes for the year ahead. Few knew what a rollercoaster ride 2020 would be and how the world would change. The year has been dominated by the COVID-19 pandemic. This has brought hundreds of thousands of deaths, economic chaos, lockdowns and masked populations. Another huge event was the death of George Floyd at the hands of U.S. police in July.  This sparked the Black Lives Matter movement and global protests. The year ended with Joe Biden being voted in as the President-elect of the USA.

Different people will have different memories of 2020. Our reporters asked people around the world to tell us what they will remember 2020 for. Ahmed Hussein from Lebanon said he would never forget the massive explosion at a Beirut port in August that killed at least 190 people. He said he thanked God none of his family or friends were hurt, but was sad at the destruction of his city. Lucy Baxter, a nurse in the UK, said her happiest moment came with the news of the vaccines for COVID-19. She said she could see light at the end of a long and dark tunnel. Ayumi Miyamoto of Japan was saddened by the postponement of the Tokyo Olympics but is happy they will go ahead in 2021.  She said 2021 would be a good year.

### Discussion

* a) What did you think of 2020?
    - I think the whole world has changed in 2020.
    - We have a lot of things that we can't last year.
    - For examples, we couldn't travel, go out for a drink with friends, or enjoy concerts and events at all.
    - In addition, we needed to stay home to prevent the virus from spreading out.
    - However, we're seeing small light to exit the tunnel.
* b) What did you think 2020 would be like at the start of the year?
    - I thought 2020 would be busier than 2019 at the start of the year.
    - Because Tokyo Olympic games were scheduled to take place in the summer.
    - Moreover, my brother and his family were going to come to Japan to update their visa.
    - However, I worked from home for about a year and I've not been to anywhere this year.
    - Therefore, 2020 I imagined at the start of the year is much different from the 2020.
* c) What was the best thing about 2020?
    - It was the best for me to work from home.
    - Because I didn't have to commute to work at all.
    - I don't like commuting but I had to do it until last year.
    - However, this pandemic blown away our worthless commute.
    - I have time to jog or surf after work.
    - Therefore, it's the best in 2020.
* d) What regrets do you have about 2020?
    - I regret that I should have gone on a trip more in the world before this pandemic happened.
* e) How was your English studying in 2020?
    - I began to study English 2019 and I studied it much harder in 2020.
* f) How much did the pandemic affect you?
    - It affected me a lot.
* g) What do you know about the Black Lives Matter movement?
    - I don't it very well.
* h) What do you think of President-elect Joe Biden?
    - I think he will focus on environment, economic, and medical care.

- - -

## Speaking: 36

1. Her friends call her Liz.
2. Is this the key you're ~~finding~~ **looking for**?
  - Yes, it is.
3. Do you know which girl is Mr.Brown's daughter?
4. He was looking up at the moon with his wife.
5. Is John going to teach English in Japan?
  - No, he isn't.
6. There are two cats on her bed.
7. His book was on the desk.
8. It is warm enough to swim today.
9. Tom and Bob enjoyed **the** dinner cooked by her.
10. He saw a car stop in front of his house.

## Speaking: 37

1. That is the boy I taught English last year.
2. Do they know you well?
  - Yes, they do.
3. Where did Tom and John get off the bus?
4. I watched TV all day yesterday.
5. It will not be easy to solve ~~the~~ **this** problem.
6. Has the apple **been** eaten yet?
7. The work must to be done today.
8. Has he finished writing the book **yet**?
  - No, he hasn't.
9. What is the strongest animal?
10. This book is more ~~popular~~ **famous** than that one.

## Speaking: 38

1. Turn off **the** TV at once.
2. Have you ever eaten Spanish dishes?
3. This is ~~the~~ **a** toy which is loved by children ~~in~~ **all over** the world.
4. How many years old is their father?
5. I don't know who broke the ~~pot~~ **vase**.
6. The milk was too hot for her to drink.
7. Although the ~~signal~~ **traffic lights** turned red, the car didn't stop.
8. She has never heard her husband speak English.
9. Who was waiting for him?
10. ~~When~~ **What time** are you going to get up tomorrow?

## Speaking: 39

1. When my aunt was young, she was a teacher.
2. That old man looks very sleepy.
3. I will be more careful next time.
4. She has a friend who runs a popular restaurant.
5. I'm busier than you.
6. What did you give your wife for her birthday last year?
7. That ~~will~~ **may** be his dog.
8. He often asks his son to wash his car.
9. The shooting star was seen by many people.
10. He has been playing the piano for more than two hours.

## Speaking: 40

1. The children were so noisy that I couldn't read the newspaper.
2. To learn that language is not easy.
  - Learning that language isn't easy.
3. That car must be his.
4. Emily saw the man ~~enter~~ **go into** the bank.
5. It's already nine.
6. When I was a child, I bought the magazine every week.
7. He was surprised to hear the result.
8. I wonder what time the train will ~~arrive at~~ **get to** Tokyo.
9. Tom and John went to bed before ten yesterday.
10. Is the gentleman who is reading the newspaper on the bench Mr.Brown?
