---
title: "2021-08-20: English"
date: 2021-08-20T15:48:18+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/08/20 Lesson - Elective Listening

[The world's most interesting cities](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsZhUj1tJGQ)

By the way, my teacher recommended me a movie, 3 idiots which was a Bollywood movie.
It describes about students in Engineering.
I will watch it later.

## Notes
1. I should describe more specific what I heard.
2. I should practice more presenting my idea and opinion, organizing my thoughts and using various statements.

## Vocabulary and the example

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say
The High school baseball tournament in summer is the most famous sports event in Japan.
It is broadcasted on TV and it catches the hearts of many Japanese, especially adults.
Most of them cheer the players in front of the TV.
The tournament has long history, it has been held for one hundred and three times so far.
All baseball teams, about four thousands teams, at high school in Japan try for Koushien baseball stadium, where the final tournament is held.
However, only one team in one prefecture can take part in the final tournament. That is to say, only about fifty teams can play there.

I don't know why so many Japanese are so obsessed with the tournament.
Even though some of them have never played baseball.
I guess that's because all adults remember their youth when they try something as hard as they can without profits and losses.
In addition, all players show their respects with each other politely,
and they play hard desperately without caring their players' career, not like professional baseball players who care about keeping playing several years.

After all, I'm obsessed with the tournament as well as many other Japanese adults, especially this year.
Because the baseball team from my high school plays there this tournament, and they passed the first game today.
I'm looking forward to their amazing play and I hope that they will enjoy the tournament.

---

# Today

I'm doing good.
It's fine and hot today.
I worked from home today as usual.

The high school baseball tournament is currently underway.
The baseball team from my high school is participating in that tournament and is currently playing now.
