---
title: "2021-09-01: English"
date: 2021-09-01T14:49:46+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/09/01 Conversation (KAT)
I learned compare and contrast.
Comparing means that you refer to similarities.
Contrasting means that you refer to differences.

## Words and phrases that compare
* also, as well as, both
* in common, in comparison
* like, too
* same as, similar, similarly

## Words and phrases that contrast
* as opposed to, contrary to
* but, however, on the other hand
* differ, different from
* unlike, while
* on the contrary

## Notes
1. Speak concisely
2. Be mindful the third person singular
3. Use "on" rather than "at" for specific days.

## Vocabulary

### go around with sb/go around together
to meet someone often and spend time a lot of time with them

### grant
1. to give someone something or allow them to have something that they have asked for

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say
* Is there any Japanese style celebration for birthday?

Now, most Japanese celebrate their birthday as well as other countries.
However, there was no such a custom in Japan in the past.
Birthday celebrations in Japan began only about seventy years ago.
Every Japanese was another year older on January 1st before, while their birthdays differ.

On the other hand, speaking of birthday, there is a Japanese traditional custom.
It's called Shichi-Go-San. It means seven-five-three.
It is a traditional event to celebrate the healthy growth of children as they turn three, five, and seven years of age.
The children dress in their best clothes such as 'Kimono',
and carry long thin candy sticks colored in red and white.
Red and white color is taken as good fortune color in Japan.

I'm not sure that there are such events, like Shichi-Go-san, in other countries, too, but thinking to make much of a child is similar around the world, I guess.

---

# Today
Yesterday, I took a day off to get vaccinated.
Our family doctor called to my wife that they have one vaccine that we can get. So, we decided that I got vaccinated.
Because I may have to go out for work hereafter,
and the possibility of getting infected is higher than my wife.

My arm hurts a little.
Other than that, I don't have any side-effect.
