+++
title =  "2021-03-16: English"
date = 2021-03-16T12:24:38+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2021/03/16 Lesson

#### What I couldn't say but I wanted to say.

Ms.Yvee's heard from her students that it's hard to book her class, she said.
I think that's because many of her students chose an online plan.
The students who chose the online plan can book only one class.
Therefore, they can't book her another class before they finish her class.
Accordingly, it's tough to book for her students to book her class on the day which they want to book, I think.
On the other hand, students who chose a standard plan can book four classes.
I contracted the standard plan, so I can book her class relatively easily.
Anyway, she is a so popular teacher in MeRISE that she has a lot of students.
So, it's understandable that it's difficult to book her classes.

- - -

## Listening: 2-17

Athens is the capital and largest city in Greece. It has a history of more than 3,000 years which make it one of the world's oldest cities. Athens was once very powerful. It was center for art, learning and science and was home to many important writers and politicians. Democracy was also born in Athens.
Many buildings and works of art from old Athens still survive in the city today. The most famous one is the Parthenon on the Acropolis. The Parthenon was a temple built for Athena, a female Greek god. It was filled with many beautiful statues. Some of them re still there. Others are in museums around the world.
There are also many modern, beautiful buildings and several palaces in Athens. The first modern Olympic Games were held in Athens at the end of the 19th century. After the Second World War, Athens' population grew very fast. Dirty air caused by factories and too many vehicles became a serious problem.
The government built a new road that surrounds the city and made the subway system much bigger. Now the quality of the environment is much better.
The climate is mild, but the city gets quite hot in summer so it's best to visit in spring or fall. The city has a new, very modern airport and many high-quality hotels. People interested in culture will enjoy Athens very much as it has many theaters and music halls. Sports are also very popular in Athens, and it is home to the Athens Olympic Stadium, which was built for the 2004 Olympic Games. Many people think it is the most beautiful stadium in the world. The city is surrounded by mountains, which are very nice places for walking and climbing. There are several outdoor markets.
Outdoor cafes and restaurants serve delicious Greek foods like salads with goat cheese and olives, roast meats, fresh seafood and many types of fresh bread served with olive oil, fish eggs or delicious garlic and yogurt sauce. It's worth a visit to Athens just for the wonderful food!

- - -

## Today

I'm doing good, thanks.
Today, I worked from home as usual.
There was nothing special at work,
but I went surfing this early morning, at six thirty.
Because I thought I should do more exercising.
I've been gaining some weight lately and I'm getting tired easily.
So, I will go surfing every early morning from today.
I will give it up soon probably,
however I will sometimes go surfing early morning.
Because it feels so good and there are few surfers.
And I guess I can concentrate on my work.

- - -

## Writing: Part2(32-34)

32. Do you own a car?
    - Yes, I do. I have own my car.
    - It's Sports Utility Vehicle (SUV).
    - If you live in a city of Japan, you don't have to own a car.
    - Because there are enough public transportation like trains and buses.
    - In addition, if you own a car, you need to pay for its parking and it's not cheap.
    - However, if you own a car, you can go anywhere you want.
    - In fact, I like hobbies which requires a car like driving, camping or surfing trip.
    - Therefore, I own a car.
33. Do you like playing video games?
    - I like playing video games.
    - I used to play video games especially in my childhood.
    - However, I didn't have any video games because my parents prohibited having it.
    - So, I went to my friends who have video games and played it almost all day.
    - I bought it when I became adult to pay for it.
    - At first, I played it and had a lot of fun with it.
    - But now I feel it bit worthless, because I want to speak English fluently and learn programming much more.
    - I have only twenty-four hours a day, so I have not choice but to give up playing video games.
34. What winter activity do you like?
    - I like surfing even in winter.
    - I used to go skiing every winter when I was a child.
    - Because my parents recommended me to ski for exercising and making friends.
    - And of course I liked it.
    - But nowadays I don't go skiing, because it's expensive and I can't often go skiing.
    - Because I'm getting absorbed in surfing.
    - I like riding waves, because I feel free and like flying during riding waves.
    - Moreover, I can surf all year even in winter if I wear wetsuits.
    - Therefore, I like surfing the best.
