---
title: "2021-09-07: English"
date: 2021-09-07T17:25:04+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/09/07 Current Events (BEA)

[Breaking News English Lesson: Baldness](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2103/210323-baldness-cure.html)

## Asking what you think from what you've read
* What takeaway did you get from the article?
* What are you going to do?
* What did you feel?

## Notes
Get more vocabulary and utilize them using personalization technique.

## Vocabulary and the example
COVID-19 keeps eluding people by regeneration
and to make matters worse, the virus produces many variants.
At the beginning, it predominantly gives severe damage to elder people.
Now, it adversely attacks younger people.
In addition, we all will be have to get vaccinated every six months.
Because the effect of vaccines will be gone in six months.

I heard that promising vaccines and medicines has been developing and testing.
I hope all of them will works and settle down the whole world.

### regeneration
1. to make something develop and grow strong again
2. to grow again, or make something grow again

### elude
1. to escape from someone or something, especially by tricking them
2. if something that you want eludes you, you fail to find or achieve it
3. if a fact or the answer to a problem eludes you, you cannot remember or solve it

### embark
to go onto a ship or a plane, or to put or take something onto a ship or plane

### follicle
one of the small holes in the skin that hairs grow from

### predominantly
mostly or mainly

### adversely
not good or favorable

### promising
showing signs of being successful or good in the future

### sea urchin
a small round sea animal with a hard shell covered in sharp points

### reptile
a type of animal, such as a snake or lizard, whose body temperature changes according to the temperature around it, and that usually lays eggs to have babies.

## What I missed to say
I ate curry rice for lunch which my wife cooked.
It was just Japanese curry rice, I've never seen it in other regions so far.
Every Japanese family have their own taste of curry in their own cooking ways.
It can be called a national dish in Japan, I think.
It's less spicy than Indian one, but it contains a wide variety of vegetables and fruit with protein, like fish, chicken, pork, or beef.
You can eat curry Udon, curry Ramen, curry dumplings and curry bread, not only curry rice in Japan.
You should try them all.

---

# Today

I'm pretty good.
It's sunny today after one week raining.
And hereafter, it will be raining or cloudy for a week.
It's rainy season.
Japan has two rainy seasons: summer rainy season and autumn one.

I can't do enough exercises due to too small waves to surf and rain.

I worked from home today as usual.
There was nothing special today.
