+++
title =  "2021-03-30: English"
date = 2021-03-30T15:16:36+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Breaking news: Earth safe from asteroid hit for 100 years - 29th March, 2021

### Vocabulary

* hazardous
    - dangerous, especially to people's health or safety

### Writing
We should spend more money or defending Earth from asteroids?

In my opinion, we should discover how to immigrant to the Moon or the Mars.
Because we will not be able to stop climate change on the Earth.
To protect Earth from polluting, we should do that. 
That is to say, we should care about climate change, not defending from asteroids.

### True/False

* a. False
    - They confirmed that asteroids will not be a danger to Earth for the next 100 years.
* b. True
    - They has been monitoring an asteroid called Apophis for 17 years.
* c. False
    - It was on the list.
* d. True
    - They predicted it could hit our planet in 2068.
* e. False
    - They used radar to predict the asteroid's orbit around the sun.
* f. True
    - It is currently a safe distance of 10.6 million miles away from Earth.
* g. True
    - It will come closer in 2029. It will come within 20,000 miles of Earth on April the 13th in that year.
* h. False
    - There's a certain sense of satisfaction to see it removed from the risk list.

### Synonym Match

1. danger: f.hazard
2. monitoring: d.watching
3. threaten: a.endanger
4. predicted: h.forecast
5. safe: j.secure
6. orbit: c.path
7. precise: i.accurate
8. currently: g.presently
9. sense: b.feeling
10. uncover: e.find

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - I didn't know the asteroid which could be danger to Earth.
    - I'm got interested in such asteroids.
* b) What do you want to know about asteroids?
    - I've heard that those asteroids made creatures on Earth when it crashed.
    - Therefore, I want to know whether the Apophis can have some origin of creatures.
* c) What would happen if an asteroid hit Earth?
    - Humans would face extinction, I guess.
    - If some people were alive, they couldn't live through the disaster for a long time.
* d) What would you do if you knew an asteroid would hit Earth tomorrow?
    - I would go to see my parents. 
* e) What is an asteroid?
    - It's a piece of planet, I think.
* f) What three adjectives best describe this story?
    - Amazing, horrible, and all right. 
* g) What science might scientists uncover from a passing asteroid?
    - I have no idea.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the scientists?
    - I would ask them about what asteroid came the closest to the Earth before.
