+++
title =  "2021-01-28: English"
date = 2021-01-28T11:46:48+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2021/01/28 lesson: Idioms

### Idioms and the examples

#### 1. go back to the drawing board
if you go back to the drawing board, you start again with a completely new plan or idea, after the one you tried before has failed

* It's the key for success to give it a shot and go back to the drawing board early, I think.

#### 2. way off the mark
If something that you say or write is far off the mark or way off the mark.
It is completely wrong or not at all accurate.

* It was the way off the mark that he thought he was genious.
  Because everyone around him helped him.

#### 3. tweak
to make small changes to a machine, vehicle, or system in order to improve the way it works.

* Your joke has to be tweaked to make more people laugh.

#### 4. keep somebody in the loop /  be in the loop
to be part of a group of people who make important decisions

* Although we had kept our boss in the loop, the project had already stopped.

#### 5. have a lot on your plate
to have a large number of problems to deal with or a large amount of work to do

* All incidents happened at once, so I had a lot on my plate then.

#### 6. the rule of thumb
a rough figure or method of calculation, based on practical experience

* If you feel being stuck with something, you ought to ignore your rule of thumb.

#### 7. set/put the record straight
to tell people the truth about something, because you want to be sure that they understand what the truth really is

* It's difficult to set the record straight, because everyone ususally believe what they got to know at first.

#### 8. put/leave something on the back burner
to delay doing something until a later time

* When I was young, I tend to put what I should do on the back burner because I was very busy on my business. I should have studied many things.

#### 9. pull the plug
to prevent a plan, business etc from being able to continue, especially by deciding not to give it any more money

* Although the project began to work well nowadays, the director of our department decided to pull the plug. I don't know the reason.

#### 10. in a nutshell
use when you are stating the main facts about something in a short clear way

* I decided to leave my office. In a nutshell, I was getting sick and tired of their pseudo-intellectual.

#### 11. up to speed
having the latest information or knowledge about something

* It's unnecessary for engineers to always bring themselves up to speed regarding the latest technique, because most of those technique will be gone.

#### 12. call the shots/tune
to be in a position of authority so that you can give orders and make decisions

* Although she wanted to call the shots in her political party, she lost political power due to her failure.
