---
title: "2021-05-21: English"
date: 2021-05-21T17:20:49+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/05/21 Lesson - Conversation

I learned about conversation about working out.
I practiced it through dialogue and role play.

## Notes
I should use more what I learned in daily life.

## Vocabulary

If you want to sustain efforts to improve yourself,
you shouldn't expect that other people say to you "Way to go!".
Because improving yourself is like workout, that is to say,
it's just for yourself, not others.
If you anticipate someone's applause to you,
when no one say to you about your efforts, you will not keep your motivation.
That's too bad.
Your efforts about improving yourself must be good for you late on.

### workout
a period of physical exercise, especially as training for a sport

### sustain
1. to make something continue to exist or happen for a period of time

### later on
at some time after the present time

### way to go!
used to tell someone that they have done something very well or achieved something special

### I'm ready when you are
If you say to someone 'Ready when you are', you are telling them that you are now ready to do something and that as soon as they are ready, you will do it.


- - -

# Today

I'm bit sleepy, because I couldn't get enough sleep last night.
Moreover, I couldn't fall asleep easily all this weekdays,
I have three or four hours sleep a day.
I don't why, probably due to a bit hot and high humidity, I guess.
So, I went to a clinic to get medicine for sleep today.
I hope I will get enough sleep tonight.

By the way, rainy season almost started this week in Japan.
It's cloudy and rainy this week.
I don't care about rainy, but I care high humidity.
I don't like it, because laundry don't get dry enough and I feel always wet.
It's uncomfortable.
The rainy season will continue for about a month.
I wish it will past quickly as possible.
