---
title: "2021-04-18: English"
date: 2021-04-18T16:22:57+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/04/18 Lesson

## Vocabulary

### Ingredients
1. one of the foods that you use to make a particular food or dish
  - Mr.Jamie Oliver's TV show, 5 ingredients is interesting.
  - Because you can cook a delicious meal from only five ingredients.
2. a quality you need to achieve something
  - High endurance is one of the ingredients of the product.

### Brevity
1. the quality of expressing something in very few words
  - It's important to be brevity for making a speech.
    People will not listen to your speech if you make a long speech.
2. the quality of continuing for only a short time
  - ...

### Impact
1. the effect or influence that an event, situation etc has on someone or something

The impact of this pandemic was so huge that it changed many old tradition in Japan. For example, many of Japanese return to their hometown during Obon and New Year's days so far. However they didn't since the pandemic. Because they are afraid that they infect their parents or grand parents with coronavirus.

### Consume
1. to use time, energy, goods etc

I consumed a lot of energy and time for commuting before the pandemic.
It's worthless for life, so I don't want do that any more.

### Dominant
1. more powerful, important, or noticeable than other people or things

GAFAM are dominant in the IT industry.
Moreover they will be dominant in car and logistics industries.
They will keep being dominant at least ten years hereafter, I think.

### Proportion
1. a part of a number or an amount, considered in relation to the whole

The proportion of the aged who is over 65 years old is about thirty percents in Japan. It will be increasing for at least fifty years.

### Skepticism
an attitude of doubting that particular claims or statements are true or that something will happen

His statement was treated with skepticism by the audience due to lack of explanation.

## Notes
I should use OREO and accurate conjunctions when I deliver my opinion.
Moreover, I should speak further and support my answer.
I should care about minimizing thinking time.


- - -

# This weekend

Today it was windy.

Last Friday, I took a day off and went on a trip with my wife.
We ate sushi for lunch on the way to a hotel where we stayed.
That was so delicious.
We ate out for the first time in a long time, that's since when this pandemic happened.

After that we went to a hotel.
I had reserved a room with hot spring outdoor bathroom.
The room is an old fashioned Japanese style room.
It was more like a house than a room.
Each room is separated with each other completely and we can have privacy.

We were just relaxed and have delicious meals which are local fish, meat and vegetables. Of course with sake.
Moreover, we took a bath several times.
That was really comfortable and we could feel refreshed totally.

That was nice trip completely.
