---
title: "2021-03-12: English"
date: 2021-03-12T11:04:31+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Today

I worked from home today as usual.
There was nothing special.

This week I didn't exercise well. It's too bad.
I like to exercise every day, however I feel it's a bother when I'm busy at work.
I should do it.
Because I'm over forty years old, if I don't exercise well, I gain weight and feel sick at once.

I'm going to go surfing tomorrow.


## Breaking News: Scientists find animal with biggest ears - 9th March, 2021

### Discussion

* a) Have you ever wondered what animal has the biggest ears?
  - No, I haven't.
  - But I have ever seen the jerboa on TV show.
* b) What do you think of your ears?
  - My ears are good shape, I suppose.
* c) What animal has the cutest ears?
  - My wife says the cutest animal of the world is tarsier.
  - However, she and I are not interested in ears in particular.
* d) What animal has the strangest ears
  - Bat has strange ears, I guess.
  - They are able to hear ultrasonic so that they are able to fly at dark night.
  - It's awesome.
* e) What do you know about how our ears work?
  - I don't know about that well.
* f) What do you think of elephants' ears?
  - I think it's like Japanese round fan.
  - They move their ears like Japanese use Japanese round fan.
* g) What do you know about rodents?
  - Rodents mean animals which have hard teeth like squirrels or beavers.
* h) What do you know about nocturnal animals?
  - Nocturnal animals include wolves, bats, cats.
  - They avoid to be caught by bigger animals.

- - -

## Phrasal verbs Part 1

### 081: a wave of anger **comes over**

* A wave of anger sometimes comes over me. Because I sometimes see flashback of bad memories.

### 082: **come through** the operation

* My mother came through the operation which got rid of cancer. My family was happy to hear that.

### 083: exam results **come through**

* The results of the experiment will come through tomorrow morning. I hope it will work.

### 084: **come to** the topic

* We should come to the next topic, or we will run out of time.

### 085: **coming up**!

* He eventually didn't come, he said that he was coming up though.

### 086: the woman **comes up**

* I will be afraid that someone come up to me at night.
  Everybody must be, isn't it?

### 087: something has **come up**

* I'm sorry to leave here because something has come up, I got to go.

### 088: ideas **come up**

* Any ideas which make me happy didn't come up, so I have no choice but to do it.

### 089: **come up** with ideas

* I sometimes come up with ideas drinking beer at night.
  However next morning I find it rubbish.

### 090: **come with** a guarantee

* iPhone comes with a guarantee.
  If you pay more money for it, it comes with an extra guarantee.
