+++
title =  "2021-01-20: English"
date = 2021-01-20T09:30:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Phrasal verbs Part 1

### 066: the train is **coming in**

- The train was coming in when I got into the station, I was about to miss it.

### 067: **come in** first

- When I was a child, I often came in first at a footrace.

### 068: too sick to **come in**

- I'm sorry that she was too sick to come in today. Can I make her call you tomorrow?

### 069: **come into** being

- When did the statue come into being? I haven't been aware of it till now.

### 070: **come into** a lot of money

- He will come into a lot of money from his parents, but half of it will be taken as tax.

- - -

## Speaking: 46

1. Why did Robert have to call her?
2. There were many books in his room.
3. Mary liked listening to classical music.
4. I was very tired that day.
5. The man who spoke to her was very handsome.
6. I have never seen such a big dog.
7. I wanted Emily to cook lunch.
8. She felt the house shake.
9. His present will make her happy.
10. My uncle often goes to the sea to enjoy fishing.

## Speaking: 47

1. He was kind enough to help me ~~doing~~ **with** my homework.
2. He saw ~~a leave~~ **the leaves** fall down.
3. ~~Do you know where those children get on the bus?~~
  - **Do those children know where to take the bus?**
4. He can swim faster than Tom.
5. He **has** lost ~~his~~ **the** pictures which he took in France.
6. Did he eat it with chopsticks?
7. Her daughter graduated from high school this year.
8. Look at the picture hanging on the wall.
9. They are going to eat lunch in Yokohama.
10. I don't **want to** say anything now.

## Speaking: 48

1. Where is the picture you painted?
2. Where did you go with your family last summer?
3. His uncle runs three restaurants.
4. Since the floor was wet, the girl slipped **and fell** down.
5. Does the coffee smell good?
6. If the girl wants this doll, please give it to her.
7. The dog was so big that the children were afraid **of it**.
8. Can you see the bench painted brown?
9. While the children were doing their homework, she cooked dinner.
10. Although she went to the department store, she didn't buy anything.

## Speaking: 49

1. That old man must be over eighty years old.
2. ~~Have~~ **Did** they wait~~ed~~ for a long time?
3. The teacher made the boy close the window.
4. Are the boys and girls **who are** cleaning the classroom his students?
5. Is collecting stamps his hobby?
6. He wants to know what his daughter wants for her birthday.
7. We saw the bird fly away.
8. Do you know why he said that?
9. Please tell me how the boy solved the problem?
10. Many people said that this is the best restaurant in this town.

## Speaking: 50

1. That man may be Tom's father.
2. His mother asked him to post the letter on the way.
3. This book is the most interesting of the five.
4. Please tell me when I should come here next time.
  - Please tell me when to come here next time.
5. It will be necessary for you to study ~~in a foreign country~~ **abroad**.
6. Do you think Helen is ~~fall~~ in love?
7. Is German more difficult than English?
8. He left the office **early** to see his girlfriend.
9. Has he read the letter yet?
  - No, he hasn't.
10. My brother **always** makes me do what he doesn't want to do.

 - -

## News: https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2012/201231-the-year-2020-m.pdf

For billions of people around the world, January the 1st, 2020 seemed like a great day. It was the start of a year that sounded like science fiction - 2020. Many people had great hopes for the year ahead. Few knew what a rollercoaster ride 2020 would be and how the world would change. The year has been dominated by the COVID-19 pandemic. This has brought hundreds of thousands of deaths, economic chaos, lockdowns and masked populations. Another huge event was the death of George Floyd at the hands of U.S. police in July.  This sparked the Black Lives Matter movement and global protests. The year ended with Joe Biden being voted in as the President-elect of the USA.

Different people will have different memories of 2020. Our reporters asked people around the world to tell us what they will remember 2020 for. Ahmed Hussein from Lebanon said he would never forget the massive explosion at a Beirut port in August that killed at least 190 people. He said he thanked God none of his family or friends were hurt, but was sad at the destruction of his city. Lucy Baxter, a nurse in the UK, said her happiest moment came with the news of the vaccines for COVID-19. She said she could see light at the end of a long and dark tunnel. Ayumi Miyamoto of Japan was saddened by the postponement of the Tokyo Olympics but is happy they will go ahead in 2021.  She said 2021 would be a good year.

### Vocabulary

* dominate
  - to control someone or something or to have more importance than other people or things
* spark: verb
  - to be the cause of something, especially trouble or violence
* sadden: verb
  - to make someone feel sad

### Discussion

* a) What did you think of 2020?
    - I think the whole world has changed in 2020.
    - We have a lot of things that we can't last year.
    - For examples, we couldn't travel, go out for a drink with friends, or enjoy concerts and events at all.
    - In addition, we needed to stay home to prevent the virus from spreading out.
    - However, we're seeing small light to exit the tunnel.
* b) What did you think 2020 would be like at the start of the year?
    - I thought 2020 would be busier than 2019 at the start of the year.
    - Because Tokyo Olympic games were scheduled to take place in the summer.
    - Moreover, my brother and his family were going to come to Japan to update their visa.
    - However, I worked from home for about a year and I've not been to anywhere this year.
    - Therefore, 2020 I imagined at the start of the year is much different from the 2020.
* c) What was the best thing about 2020?
    - It was the best for me to work from home.
    - Because I didn't have to commute to work at all.
    - I don't like commuting but I had to do it until last year.
    - However, this pandemic blown away our worthless commute.
    - I have time to jog or surf after work.
    - Therefore, it's the best in 2020.
* d) What regrets do you have about 2020?
    - I regret that I should have gone on a trip more in the world before this pandemic happened.
    - I could have learned about other cultures and people around the world, but I hadn't done that.
    - So, I will go on a trip a lot in the world after this pandemic has gone.
* e) How was your English studying in 2020?
    - I began to study English 2019 and I studied it much harder in 2020.
    - I feel I need to study English harder than ever.
    - Because we know we can talk with people all over the world through Internet even though we can't go anywhere.
    - We can work anywhere through Internet, so we will compete with people all over the world.
    - As a result, I need to use English frequently and smoothly.
* f) How much did the pandemic affect you?
    - It affected me a lot.
    - I can have better health than before the pandemic.
    - Because I began to work from home so that I don't have to commute to work and I got a good environment to work.
    - My room is more silent and useful than the office.
    - This pandemic relieves my stress about working very much.
* g) What do you know about the Black Lives Matter movement?
    - I don't know about the Black Lives Matter movement very well actually.
    - But I know it's difficult to solve a kind of racial discrimination problem.
    - It will take a very long time to solve it.
* h) What do you think of President-elect Joe Biden?
    - I think he will be better than at least Mr.Trump.
    - Because he will focus on climate change, economic, and medical care.
    - On the other hand, America will be still divided in 2021, I guess.
    - In addition, China will be still growing up and reach out other countries.
    - For example, African countries, south eastern countries like Vietnam, Philippines, Korea, Indonesia, and so on.
    - I'm afraid of war between America and China.
