+++
title =  "2021-04-11: English"
date = 2021-04-11T18:43:17+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

# Review 2021/04/11 Lesson - Elective Listening

## 3 questions to ask yourself before pitching an idea to your boss

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eIgb_SWl1M

From ride-sharing to co-working spaces and from Netflix to 3D printers all of these were at some point brand-new ideas,
and each of them had a person or people behind the idea who saw the business potential and turning their idea into reality.

American advertising executive, Lois Wise once remarked
the only people in the world who can change things are those who can sell ideas.
And most of us realized that it's not enough just to generate novel approaches.
We need to ideate, evaluate and then get buy-in to move from idea to action.
More often than not, the person whose buy-in we need is our boss.
And that's not always easy.

Our bosses are often busy with, if not overwhelmed, implementing their own priorities as well as the priorities of their higher-ups.
Getting them to think about original approaches may take a backseat to handling day-to-day responsibilities.

So, let's say you have an amazing idea that you truly believe will positively impact the business and boost your own profile as well.
Congratulations.
But before you bombard your boss with a new pitch, do your homework and ask yourself these three questions first.

One. How does my idea relate to what keeps my boss up at night?
If you want to get your boss's attention and gain her buy-in,
you need to make a direct link between how your idea will address what your boss is worried about.
If your manager is constantly challenged to retain the business of a few big,
but on-the-fence clients be prepared to address how your approach will solve for that.
If it doesn't connect to something that your boss cares deeply about and is charged with solving, you don't need to pitch it now.

Two. What might be the unintended impacts of my idea?
Chances are you've thought about the positive visible impacts of your idea,
whether it's increasing customer satisfaction, reducing production time or generating new revenue.
But have you though about secondary impacts which may not be desirable for everyone?
Let's say that you have a new approach to automating the collect of overdue invoices.
This may be good news for the bottom line of the business, but how will this impact your colleagues working in the accounts receivable department who might find themselves out fo a job?
Make sure you think about the unintended impacts up, down and across the organization as well as for key stakeholders outside the business who may not experience your great idea as all that terrific.

Three. How many ideas have I tried to sell my boss recently and what can I learn from my track record?
If you're about to pitch your boss your fifth idea this week,
consider holding off.
If you're about to pitch your boss an idea when she's in the middle of year-end performance reviews, consider waiting.
If you're about to pitch your boss with a 30 slide PowerPoint proposal when you know she prefers a short email, consider revising your mode of communication.
Take stock of the pitches you've make in the past and analyze what worked and what didn't and any feedback you may have received.
Adapt your approach accordingly.

A great idea without a great plan to sell, it isn't great.
In the words of business guru Mary Kay Ash, "A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one"

## Summary: preparation

1. Overview
  The only people in the world who can change things are those who can sell ideas.
  We need to ideate, evaluate and then get buy-in to move from idea to action.
  More often than not, the person whose buy-in we need is our boss.
  Our bosses are often busy with if not overwhelmed implementing their own priorities as well as the priorities of their higher-ups.

  A great idea without a great plan to sell, it isn't great.
  A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one

2. The most important point
  - The only people in the world who can change things are those who can sell ideas.
  - A great idea without a great plan to sell, it isn't great.

3. Points in each blocks
  - The only people in the world who can change things are those who can sell ideas.
  - We need to ideate, evaluate and then get buy-in to move from idea to action.
  - More often than not, the person whose buy-in we need is our boss.
  - Our bosses are often busy with if not overwhelmed implementing their own priorities as well as the priorities of their higher-ups.

  1. You need to make a direct link between how your idea will address what your boss is worried about.
  2. Make sure you think about the unintended impacts up, down and across the organization as well as for key stakeholders outside the business who may not experience your great idea as all that terrific.
  3. Take stock of the pitches you've make in the past and analyze what worked and what didn't and any feedback you may have received.
  Adapt your approach accordingly.

  - A great idea without a great plan to sell, it isn't great.
  - A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one

## Summary

The speaker point out that the only people who can sell ideas can change things. That is to say, you should present your idea and get buy-in to move from idea to action. The person whose buy-in we need is our boss generally. But you should consider the following things before you pitch your idea.
Firstly, you should clear how your idea can solve your boss's worries.
Secondary, you should consider its negative impacts.
Lastly, you should adapt your approach according to your experience and feedback from your boss so far.
You should make a plan to sell your idea.
That can turn your idea into reality.

## Vocabulary

### 0. more often than not
usually

### 1. buy-in
the fact of agreeing with and accepting something that someone suggests, support for an idea or plan

### 2. overwhelmed
to defeat someone or something by using a lot of force

### 3. higher-ups
someone with a more important position than you in an organization

### 4. backseat
a position of less importance

### 5. bombard
to do something too often or too much, for example criticizing or questioning someone, or giving too much information

### 6. on the fence / sit on the fence
not able to decided something, to avoid saying which side of an argument you support or what your opinion is about a particular subject

### 7. terrific
very good, especially in a way that makes you feel happy and excited

### 8. hold off
to delay doing something, to prevent someone who is trying to attack or defeat you from succeeding

### 9. mediocre
not very good

- - -

# Today and this weekend

I had my hair cut today.
I'm doing good today.
It was fine and comfortable today.
Today, I had my hair cut in the morning, and I take a walk and went to the library to take a book back in the afternoon.
Yesterday, I drive to the supermarket and enjoyed shopping.
I bought food, drink and some commodities.
I didn't go surfing this weekend because there were too small to surf.
I was a little disappointed about that.
