---
title: "2021-12-29: English"
date: 2021-12-29T16:57:27+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/12/29 Current Events (BEA)

[104-year-old woman learns to read and write](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2112/211206-learning-to-read-m.html)

## Summary
* 5W1H: what, who, where, when, why, how

Kuttiyamma, who is a 104-year-old woman in India, passed a state literacy test.
Because the state where she lives has invested heavily in education, especially adult education.
Her endeavours proved that age is just a number and that we can achieve anything when we put our minds to it.
She became a role model and motivation to all women in adult education.

## Takeover
She encouraged me to learn new skills.
I found it's important to keep learning from the article.
Now I'm learning English and programming by myself actually.
I find it a lot of fun.
I can have a new skill as I keep learning, and then the skill that I acquired can help me do more achievement.
Those achievement can lead me to more experience that I can learn a new skill.
That's the flywheel effect.
I believe that I can enjoy whole of my life through the effect.

## Vocabulary
### literacy
the state of being able to read and write

### utmost
the most that can be done

### grin
1. to smile widely

### dedication
1. hard work or effort that someone puts into a particular activity because they care about it a lot
2. an act of dedicating something to someone, or a ceremony where this is done

### endeavor
an attempt to do something new or difficult

### quill
1. a pen made from a large bird's feather, used in the past

### tuition
1. teaching, especially in small groups

### pupil
someone who is being taught, especially a child

### overjoyed
extremely pleased or happy

## What I couldn't say
I often feel that it's difficult to deliver my opinion in English.
Because there is a difference between Japanese and English.
For example, I struggle with explaining especially ambiguous ideas like conception or imagination.
I guess that's because I still haven't organized my thoughts about it even in Japanese.
What's more, it might come from a Japanese feature, which is using euphemism too much.
I mean Japanese is not directly, like English.
Therefore, I think it's tough to express my opinion immediately and clearly.
I know I should think of my opinion in English from the first.
However, I don't have enough experiences to listen to and talk English so far, so I can't do it for now.

---
# Review 2021/08/25 giving and asking for advice or decline giving an advice

If I were asked from someone about how to get a vocation, I would say "I wish I could help you, but I'd like to know that, me too".
Because I'm struggling with getting a vocation just now.
I wonder if everyone finds their vocation or not.
Probably most of them haven't had it, I guess.
However, I don't care of it.
Because I like information technology, programming and gadgets.
If an IT engineer is not my vocation, it's OK.
I will enjoy my job, I may change my job in the near future though.

---
# Study supplement
## Part.4
## Vocabulary
### formulate
1. to develop something such as a plan or a set of rules, and decide all the details of how it will be done
2. to think carefully about what to say, and say it clearly

### heighten, SYN: intensify, strengthen
if something heightens a feeling, effect etc, or if a feeling etc heightens, it becomes stronger or increases

### favorable
1. a favourable report, opinion, or reaction shows that you think that someone or something is good or that you agree with them
2. suitable and likely to make something happen or succeed

### consecutive
consecutive numbers of periods of time follow one after the other without any interruptions

### for the time being
for a short period of time from now, but not permanently

---
# what I accomplished this year
This year, I got several certifications which are CCNA, AWS DOP/SAP/SAA/SAP/DVA and LPIC-1/LPIC-2.
Next year, I will keep learning and get LPIC-3(Security) and IPA-Network Specialist.
I found learning a lot of fun, that's the most valuable takeaway this year.