+++
title =  "2021-01-25: English"
date = 2021-01-25T11:04:22+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2021/01/25 Lesson - thought group

### Vocabulary

* portray
    - to describe or represent something or someone

**TODO** : shadowing Mr.Obama's speech

- - -

## Speaking: 61

1. Who is that tall man standing over there?
2. What did she do when she lost her passport?
3. The doctor told ~~him~~ **the man** not to drink too much.
4. She thought he liked ~~a child~~ **children**.
5. She studied until she ~~became~~ **felt** sleepy.
6. Is the boy who is playing the violin her son?
7. I met your aunt ~~a previous~~ **other** day.
8. This joke will make everyone laugh.
9. Do you know what color your wife likes?
10. She will like this story.

## Speaking: 62

1. They didn't leave until he arrived.
2. ~~A~~ **The** young man who broke the statue was punished.
3. The day **when** he goes to the town is Tuesday.
4. What did your father say?
5. This is the funniest joke I've ever heard.
6. He went to the bookstore to buy a magazine.
7. He taught them how to use the machine.
8. We lived **in** ~~the~~ **a** house where stood near the river. 
9. Tomorrow **it** will be as cold as today.
10. They saw the old man fall down.

## Speaking: 63

1. Have you ever drunk this wine?
    - No, I haven't.
2. What do you want to eat for dinner?
3. She was so beautiful that many men proposed to her.
4. I will study until I pass the exam.
5. Why did she feel happy then?
6. I'm as hungry as you.
7. Writer ~~a letter for~~ **to** her as soon as possible.
8. Is this red dress more expensive than that green one?
9. Does your father often go ~~to~~ fishing?
    - Yes, he does.
10. She has a friend whose father is a pilot.

## Speaking: 64

1. I've never driven my brother's car.
2. He has a friend whose grandfather was a famous politician.
3. Let's visit him before it ~~will be~~ **gets** dark.
4. Was he with Paul last night?
    - No, he wasn't.
5. **When** are they going to leave Japan?
6. Did Nancy arrive earlier than Bob?
    - Yes, she did.
7. I hope he will win the game.
8. I has been raining ~~until~~ **since** yesterday.
9. Mary will be as beautiful as her mother.
10. I think he had a good dream last night.

## Speaking: 65

1. My son doesn't like studying math.
2. Let's clean this room before they come.
3. Why do we have to take care **of** this dog?
4. I'm going to ask her to do this work.
5. Will you have another cup of coffee?
    - Yes, please.
6. After he called his wife, he went out for a drink with his friends.
7. Is the language spoken in that country French or German?
8. Did he have to run to catch the bus?
    - Yes, he did.
9. He grew up to be a great writer.
10. That is the boy whose mother teaches science ~~in~~ **at** school.

