---
title: "2021-12-11: English"
date: 2021-12-11T19:39:07+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/10/09 Conversation - Order of Adjectives

## 1. Determiner
1. An article
    - a/an, the
2. A demonstrative
    - this, that, these, those
3. A possessive
    - my your, his, her, its, our, their
4. A quantifier
    - many, much, more, most, some

## 2. Opinion
* attitude, observation, quality
    - lovely, cute
    - useful, comfortable
    - difficult

### The example
My lovely cat.

## 3. Physical description of size
* size/height
    - big, little
    - tall, short

### The example
My lovely little cat.

## 4. Shape
* shape/weight/length
    - circular
    - irregular
    - triangular

### The example
My little cat turned to be a big, fat cat.

## 5. Age
* old, new, young, adolescent

### The example
The new machine is much useful.

## 6. Color
* red, green, yellow

### The example
She has lovely, big, blue eyes.

## 7. Origin
* English, Mexican, Japanese

### The example
My favorite Japanese snack is a rice cake.

## 8. Materials
* cotton, metal, plastic, wood

### The example
The beautiful metal surface is so smooth.

## 9. Purpose
* campus activities, rocking chair, business suit

### The example
My favorite white surfing board.

## Vocabulary
### paved
1. to cover a path, road, area etc with a hard level surface such as blocks of stone or concrete

### denote
1. to mean something
2. to represent or be a sign of something

---
# Study supplement
## Part.3
## Vocabulary
### scuff
1. to make a mark on a smooth surface by rubbing it against something rough

### rub something in
to remind someone about something they want to forget, especially because they are embarrassed about it
