---
title: "2021-11-30: English"
date: 2021-11-30T11:21:38+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/11/30 Current Events (BEA)

[The Library That Lets You Borrow People, Not Books](https://eikaiwa.dmm.com/app/daily-news/article/the-library-that-lets-you-borrow-people-not-books/MKFLlky8EeysGWsKeVk2fw)

## Vocabulary and the example using the vocab
There is a barrier against refugees in Japan, the government resists helping refugees from other countries.
In fact, the number of refugees received by Japan was only 47 in 2020.
On the other hand, seventy million refugees ask help in the world.

Several humanitarian organizations that help them to seek asylum have been posing the problem.
However, it seems the activity doesn't work well.
I guess there might be prejudice against foreigners, especially refugees in Japan.
Although it may be changed if the population of Japan decreased by one-third, I have no idea to solve it for now.

### barrier
1. a rule, problem etc that prevents people from doing something, or limits what they can do

### Danish
1. the language used in Denmark

### prejudice
1. an unreasonable dislike and distrust of people who are different from you in some way, especially because of their race, sex, religion etc - used to show disapproval
2. strong and unreasonable feelings which make you like some things but not others

### pose
0. to present or raise a question or matter for consideration
1. to exist in a way that may cause a problem, danger, difficulty etc

### sought
the past tense and past participle of seek

### asylum
protection given to someone by a government because they have escaped from fighting or political trouble in their own country

### resist
1. to stop yourself from having something that you like very much or doing something that you want to do
2. to try to prevent a change from happening, or prevent yourself from being forced to do something

---
# Review 2021/11/06 Conversation Story, Message and Gain (SMG)

* Story
  - Begin with a story that illustrates the point you want to stress.
* Message
  - State your message of the point you want to make
* Gain
  - Expand your point with a gain(benefit) or moral of the story.

I haven't fit the current team for about 2 years.
So, I will be transferred to another team tomorrow.
I hope that I'm able to fit the next team.
However, I don't care if I will be not able to fit the team again.
Because I feel certain that I'm a person who can contribute to business.

I had been worked hard and studied before this pandemic, what's more I have been studied harder since the pandemic happened.
I got several qualifications that show my skills and enough experiences about information technology.
I'm sure that I have been improved myself well and I will keep doing that.
Henceforth, that is the important thing in the world where is rapidly changing.

If you got enough skill to survive this world, you could get enough confidence and no fear for the future.
It can bring you relief to enjoy your life and freedom.
No one can lay you who is trying to improve yourself under restraint.

---
# Study supplement
## Part.3
## Vocabulary
### inquire
to ask someone for information
