---
title: "2021-11-01: English"
date: 2021-11-01T18:36:06+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/11/01 Touchstone.3 (ALEX)

I learned how to use let/make/help/have and get/want/ask/tell

* let/make/help/have + object + verb
* get/want/ask/tell + object + to + verb

# The example
My parents used to let me do what I want to do as possible as they can.
For instance, I had learned swimming, skiing, and playing the electronic organ.
They had me go to a cram school and helped me to success the entrance exams to the university.
They didn't tell me to study or to be rich.

On the other hand, they made me to show my thank clearly and say it to others in order to get along with people around me.
What's more, they told me to ask others for help if I were in troubles and to help others who were in troubles.
However, I was bit introverted and didn't have somewhat self-confidence, so that I was not good at doing that.
They wanted me to live independently, especially my mother used to tell me to clean up my room for making a habit of organizing.

I'm only able to do part of what my parents told me.
I will keep trying to do those things and remember that.

---

# Today
I worked from home as usual.
It's sunny and comfortable today.
There was nothing special, but it was nice day.

It was relaxing the last weekend.
I slept until noon, I went to shopping and surfing, and I had my hair cut.

By the way, I actually didn't quite catch what the teacher was trying to say.
I mean that I couldn't get even whether she asked something or not.
Probably most of native English speakers don't speak clearly when they talk freely and impromptu as well as Japanese, I guess.
I have had similar experiences so far also in Japanese.
I often don't understand what some people are saying.
And to make matters worse, I don't want to catch what they are struggling with saying.
I usually give up to understand them during they talking.
However, I really should listen to them and try to understand them eagerly, I know that.
Otherwise, I will never communicate with others.
I should show my respect to the person whom is talking to me and ask it to the person politely.
It's important for me that how to ask.
It should be effective, efficient, and comfortable.
It lets the person feel that I want to listen to the person, and what the person talk is interesting and attractive for me.
It might be tough for me though.
At least, I shouldn't show that I feel disgusted about it.
