---
title: "2021-06-19: English"
date: 2021-06-19T15:57:08+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/06/19 Lesson - Current Event

[Long working hours increasing deaths from heart disease and stroke: WHO, ILO](https://www.who.int/news/item/17-05-2021-long-working-hours-increasing-deaths-from-heart-disease-and-stroke-who-ilo)

## Vocabulary

Tokyo Olympic games is coming soon.
However the stark reality is that vaccination for elderly people will not complete before the start of the Olympic games.
And Japanese government is going to life the state of emergency the twentieth of this Month.
I'm afraid that the decision will accelerate increasing of the patients with COVID-19 and the fifth wave of COVID-19 will come in Japan.
I think, the lifting is premature decision and they have to keep it before start of the Olympic games.
Anyway, I hope that donates of vaccines will clean away this sobering situation worldwide.

### stark
1. very plain in appearance, with little or no colour or decoration
2. unpleasantly clear and impossible to avoid

### premature
1. happening before the natural or proper time
3. done to early or too soon

### worldwide
everywhere in the world

### sobering
making you feel very serious

### workforce
all the people who work in a particular industry or company, or are available to work in a particular country or area

### accelerate
1. if a process accelerates or if something accelerates it, it happens faster than usual or sooner than you expect
2. if a vehicle or someone who is driving it accelerates, it starts to go faster

## Notes

1. practice more getting the gist of the article
2. use OREO/PREP giving answers without circling my thoughts

- - -
# Today

I'm doing good.
I'm relaxed and I had my hair cut today.
I feel my head is light, it's feeling good.
However, I was bit tired this week,
because I've prepared for job interviews.
However, I pass it.
And I'm going to have 2nd interviews next week or two weeks later.
I need to review my experience and study technical things.
