+++
title =  "2021-03-04: English"
date = 2021-03-04T13:58:28+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2021/03/04 lesson: Phrasal verbs through and back

### 20.1
1. Let me take you through the way to handle the work in the office.
2. Don't worry. I have already saw through him.
3. I'm sorry for being late. I slept through my alarm clock.
4. Could you go through these figures, please?
5. Could you flip/flick/look through it, please? If you have enough time.
6. Because the person has lived through some terrible things over the last few years. 

### 20.2
1. This new jacket just doesn't look right on me; the colour is all wrong.
    - If I **take** it back to the shop, do you think they'd **take** it back? I bought it over a week ago.
2. I had to **bite** back some angry words when they told me I had lost my job.
3. I bought this clock on the Internet, but it's not as nice as it looked on the computer screen.
    - I think I'll **send** it back.
4. I don't think she'll just accept his insults. She's the sort of person who will **bite** back if she's attacked.
5. We're old friends. We **go** back to the 1980s when we were at college together.
6. Children nowadays seem to lack respect for their parents and won't hesitate to **answer** back.

### 20.3

1. Joe rang, while you were out, Please could you **call him back ?**
2. I don't like these trousers I bought today. I think I **will take** ~~it~~ **them back.**
3. Harry missed his train this morning because he **slept through his alarm clock**.
4. Ellen isn't really reading the magazine; she's just **fliping through it.**
5. I wanted to tell her how upset I was but I managed to **bite it back**.

- - -

## Phrasal verbs Part 1

### 071: **come into** effect

* I'm not sure whether lifting emergency declaration will come into effect soon.  

### 072: the dirt does not **come off**

* The bad reputation of him does not come off soon.

### 073: **come off** the horse

* The rider who came off the horse will come back soon, I think.

### 074: **come on**!

* Come on! Hurry up! We are about to miss the train.

### 075: the light **comes on**

* Although all electricity in this town shut down, the light eventually came on.

### 076: one's work **comes on**

* My work is coming on while I'm listening to classical music.

### 077: the sun **comes out**

* It's cloudy today, but the sun sometimes comes out.

### 078: a novel is **coming out**

* I'm looking forward to the novel come out.

### 079: a tooth **comes out**

* When I was a child, I enjoyed my tooth coming out.
    Because It was like I felt a bit grown.

### 080: why don't you **come over**

* Why don't you go surfing with us? It will be a lot of fun.


