---
title: "2021-10-12: English"
date: 2021-10-12T17:50:02+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/10/12 Multimedia Listening (BEA)

[The Psychology of Narcissism](https://www.ted.com/talks/w_keith_campbell_the_psychology_of_narcissism#t-1432)

## Vocabulary and the example
Many Japanese is obsessed with other people's opinions or attention.
In other words, it's peer pressure.
The TED Talk says that the communal focus gave way to the self-esteem movement in the US, 1970s.
I think, Japan needs it now.
Grandiose narcissism is at least better than Vulnerable narcissism.
Because Vulnerable narcissism is really detrimental to mental health.
It can lead people to mental disease and suicide finally.
I don't want to see my family or friends who I love slight themselves.
We should foster our self-esteem and keep working at self-betterment both.
It seems to me that we will live more comfortably and peacefully if we blink at tiny arrogance.

### obsess
1. if something or someone obsesses you, you think or worry about them all the time and you can't think about anything else - used to show disapproval

### wander
1. to walk slowly across or around an area, usually without a clear direction or purpose

### glimpse
1. a quick look at someone or something that does not allow you to see them clearly

### narcissism
when someone is too concerned about their appearance or abilities or spends too much time admiring them - used to show disapproval

### detrimental
causing harm or damage

### advice column
part of a newspaper or magazine in which someone gives advice to readers who have written to them about their personal problems

### grandiose
grandiose plans sound very important or impressive, but are not practical

### entitlement
the official right to have or do something, or the amount that you have a right to receive

### slighted
to offend someone by treating them rudely or without respect

### rosy
1. seeming to offer hope of success or happiness

### resentful (SYN: bitter)
feeling angry and upset about something that you think is unfair

### pedestal
1. the base on which a pillar or statue stands

### foster (SYN: encourage, promote)
1. to help a skill, feeling, idea etc develop over a period of time

### communal
1. shared by a group of people or animals, especially a group who live together

### self-esteem
the feeling of being satisfied with your own abilities, and that you deserve to be liked or respected

### compassion
a strong feeling of sympathy for someone who is suffering, and a desire to help them

### betterment
improvement, especially in someone's social and economic position

### unflattering
making someone look or seem bad or unattractive

---

# Today

I worked from home today as usual.
There was nothing special.
