---
title: "2021-04-13: English"
date: 2021-04-13T16:51:01+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Today

Last weekend, I had my hair cut. I feel light headed.
And also I can dry my hair immediately. It's comfortable.

I'm doing good.
I worked from home as usual.
There was nothing special today.
It rained today.
As there was enough waves to surf, I wanted to go surfing.
But I couldn't go because I was a bit busy today.

# After today's class

Can I ask a favor?
I want to change the textbook to Touchstone of general English from next class. I want to use Touchstone 2.
Because I feel it's important for me to study general English, especially small talk. Because one of my goals for learning English is to enjoy traveling abroad and to communicate with local people.
So, I want to change.
Is is OK?

##

I usually clock on at work at 9:00 am and clock off at 18:00 pm.
Recently I was bit pressed for time, because we decided to bring the schedule forward when my software function will be used.
Today I fixed some bugs of my software, so I'm relieved.

By the way, I'm going to take a day off this Friday to go on a short trip with my wife. We will while away our day off.

- - -

# Breaking News: UK report on racism draws criticism - 4th April, 2021

## Vocabulary

* commission: verb
  - to formally ask someone to write an official report, produce a work of art for you etc.
* upholder
  - to defend or support a law, system, or principle so that it continues to exist
* disparity
  - a difference between two or more things, especially an unfair one
* deliberately
  1. done in a way that is intended or planned
  2. done or said in a slow careful way
* rig
  1. to dishonestly arrange the result of an election or competition before it happens
* catch-all
  - intended to include all possibilities
* socio-economic
  - based on a combination of social and economic conditions
* advocate
  - to publicly support a particular way of doing something
  - someone who publicly supports someone or something
* coincidental
  - happening completely by chance without being planned
* accuse
  - to say that you believe someone is guilty of a crime or of doing something bad
* well-being
  - a feeling of being comfortable, healthy and happy

## Writing
Racism will never end.

I think racism will never end.
However we should try to end all racism as possible as we can.
Because racism kill many people, they can be your friends or family.
For example, Nazi killed six million people. It's terrible and horrible.
Therefore, we all should do our best to end racism.

## True / False

**TODO**

## Synonym Match

**TODO**

## Discussion

**TODO**
