---
title: "2021-10-03: English"
date: 2021-10-03T17:54:25+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/10/03 Conversation (KAT)
I learned relative pronouns (who, whom, which and that).

## Notes
1. Be cautious about who and whom.
2. Utilize relative pronouns

## Relative pronouns

### 1. Who
- relates about people (the subject)
+ (subject) + who + (verb) + (object)

### 2. Whom
- relates to people (the object)
+ (subject) + (verb) + (object) + whom

### 3. which
- introduces a non-essential clause,
  meaning that it doesn't define the noun it's describing
- used for things and animals
1. (subject) +, which + (verb) + (object)
2. (subject) + (verb) + (object), + which

### 4. that
- introduces an essential clause,
  meaning that is clarifies exactly which noun the sentence is about
1. (subject) + that + (verb) + (object)
2. (subject) + (verb) + (object) + that

## Homework: Family activities
The most memorable family activity was Christmas when I was a kid.
Recently, I often don't do the family activities that I used to do when I was a child, for instance Christmas.
Although, most of Japanese, which includes me, are not Christians, as well as not Buddhists, we tend to celebrate for Christmas.
Many of us believe that Christmas is just the day that everyone eats chicken and exchanges their presents with their family or friends.
Even my parents who never believe any Gods used to tell me before the day that I should write a letter to Santa Claus who gives me some presents.
The guy to whom I write to at the day was probably a kind of staff of a toy shop, I had thought. Just kidding though.

Anyway, I was looking forward to every Christmas until about ten years-old.
Because Santa Claus, who is my parents in fact though, gave me presents as I expected.
However, the last day that he gives me the present was decided in our house rules.
It was the Christmas when I was twelve years-old.
Actually I knew the person who gave me gifts was my parents at ten years-old.
Nevertheless, the day used to be the greatest day in a year for little me.

Although I do less family activities in these years, everybody is glad if they have some presents or appreciate words, aren't they?
So, I will celebrate any anniversary to express my gratitude with words to my family and friends hereafter.
That's the main purpose of family activities, isn't it?

---

# Today
This weekend, I studied for an exam of technical vendor, AWS.
Today, I had the exam and passed it.
I'm tired of it, because it took three hours.
To be e
It's too long isn't it?
It's tough to keep concentrating on it.

Besides about that, yesterday I enjoyed surfing.
There were nice waves which were left by the typhoon passed away.
After all, it was nice weekend.
