---
title: "2021-08-29: English"
date: 2021-08-29T15:40:45+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/08/29 Current Events (YVEE)

[Breaking News English Lesson: Japanese English](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2011/201121-japanese-english.html)

## Notes
1. Use more a variety of phrases and words
2. Use appropriate modal verb
3. Be mindful word choices

## Vocabulary and the example
There are many Japanese English phrases and words in Japan.
Although most of them make many Japanese embarrassed and gloomy, such weird and unsuitable expressions are hard to lose.
Because Japanese public offices and TV shows often use such Japanese English.
For example, "Blind touch" is a common collocation in Japanese English, it means "touch typing".

Some people say that they should ask English speakers whether they're wrong or not.
However, they can't speak English and don't have acquaintances who can speak English, even though they all had studied English for six years in middle school and high school.
On the other hand, some people, especially advertising agency, intentionally make those words and phrases which raise native speakers' eyebrows, I guess.
Because most of Japanese can't use English well.
They don't know correct English words, so the ad agency makes a sales copy which is familiar English words with them, even though it's wrong clearly.

As a result, strange Japanese English words continue to be created today.

### raise your eyebrows
to move your eyebrows upwards in order to show surprise or disapproval

### unintentionally
not done deliberately

### unsuitable
not having the right qualities for a particular person, purpose, or situation

### embarrassment
3. someone who behaves in a way that makes you feel ashamed, nervous, or uncomfortable

### troubled
1. worried or anxious

### collocation
the way in which some words are often used together, or a particular combination of words used in this way

### utterance
something you say

### gloomy
1. making you feel that things will not improve
2. sad because you think the situation will not improve
3. dark, especially in a way that makes you feel sad

---

# Today
I'm relaxed today, I slept until lunch.
After that I watched TV and studied programming.
That's all. It's like yesterday.
There was nothing special this weekend.
It's similar to the previous weekend.
