---
title: "2021-12-24: English"
date: 2021-12-24T18:32:10+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/09/08 countable/uncountable nouns and quantifiers
My wife and I use two or three cartons of milk a week.
Because we love drinking black tea with milk very much.
However, we don't like drinking milk itself because it gets us sick to our stomach.
Likewise, we like many kinds of tea like green tea, coffee, corn tea and so on.

By the way, I will take several paid vacations this New Year's holiday.
As a result, I will have a long vacation, fifteen days.
I have no plan, but I will study for technical exams and English this holiday.
Probably, I will go back to my hometown with some souvenirs to see my parents in person.
I refrained from seeing my parents to avoid spreading out the virus last year.
However, this pandemic will stay next year even at least three years, I guess.
So, I'm decided to get along with this virus.

## Vocabulary
### colloquial
language or words that are colloquial are used mainly in informal conversations rather than in writing or formal speech

---
# Study supplement
## Part.4
## Vocabulary
### outline
1. to describe something in a general way, giving the main points but not be details
2. to show the edge of something, or draw around its edge, so that its shape is clear

### complimentary
1. given free to people

### sanctuary
1. an area for birds or animals where they are protected and cannot be hunted
2. a peaceful place that is safe and provides protection, especially for people who are in danger

### feed
1. to give food to a person or animal
3. if a baby or an animal feeds, they eat

### refrain from (doing something)
to not do something that you want to do
