---
title: "2021-05-14: English"
date: 2021-05-14T17:54:40+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/05/14 Lesson - Conversation

I learned conversation in shopping to buy what I want correctly.

## Notes
1. I should care plural of clothes, like slippers, shorts, earrings, pajamas, and so on.
2. I can say 'worn out' as socks which I have worn them for a long time and they have torn down.

## What I could't say but I wanted

### About a car
I have a car, it's a type of sport utility vehicle.
It's the highest product which I've ever bought.
I like driving, but I'm tired of driving in crowded roads.
It's always crowded especially in Kanto region, so I don't often drive recently.

You don't have to have it in a city actually,
because you can use public transportation in Japan, like busses, trains, sharing bikes and so on.
In addition, it usually takes much cost to park your car in a big city as high as you can borrow another room.

However, you need a car in a country side definitely.
You can't go anywhere you want unless you have a car.
You may not live there without a car.

### About shopping
I go to shopping once a week with my wife to buy food, drink and some commodities.
We enjoy shopping and like to imagine what we cook and eat them.
My wife always cooks every meals though, not me.

My teacher said that in Philippines the price of UNIQLO is as high as Adidas one.
In Japan, the price of UNIQLO is reasonable and half of Adidas one.

- - -

# Today

I'm doing good, but bit tired.
Because I had a relaxing Golden week lat week and it's been a while since I worked.

It's fine today.

How about you?
