---
title: "2021-08-28: English"
date: 2021-08-28T18:54:11+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/08/28 Conversation (KAT)

I learned how to describe people about appearance, mannerisms, character, and  emotions with the verb "to be" and "to have".
In addition, I learned several vocabularies that can describe people.

## Notes
1. Be mindful whether the word is singular or plural.
2. Be careful about word form, noun or adjective.
3. Be mindful the definite/indefinite article

## Vocabulary

### mannerism
a way of speaking or moving that is typical of a particular person

### character traits
the particular combination of qualities that makes someone a particular type of person

### lanky
someone who is lanky is tall and thin, and moves awkwardly

### puny
1. a puny person is small, thin, and weak

### voluminous
1. a voluminous piece of clothing is very large and loose

### goatee
a small pointed beard on the end of a man's chin

### modest
1. someone who is modest does not want to talk about their abilities or achievements

### humble
1. not considering yourself or your ideas to be as important as other people's

### worn-out
very tired because you have been working hard

### carefree
having no worries or problems

### delighted
very pleased and happy

### enthusiastic
feeling or showing a lot of interest and excitement about something

### throughly
1. completely
2. carefully, so that nothing is forgotten

## What I couldn't say
I respect energetic people who challenge what they want to do even if others say no.
They don't sigh a lot what they can't do, and they don't nod what they don't agree.
Sometimes they aren't well-mannered and humble, however they are honest to themselves.
They're always delighted, I feel.
I will imitate such people.

---

# Today

I'm relaxed today, I slept until lunch.
After that I watched TV and studied programming.
That's it.

After this class, I will have dinner.
My wife is cooking now.
