+++
title =  "2021-01-19: English"
date = 2021-01-19T13:42:02+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2021/01/19 lesson: Phrasal verbs: down and over

### cut down

- The number of people cut down trees has been decreasing in Japan, so many mountains are going wild.

### weighed down: SYN loaded down
1. if something weighs you down, it is heavy and difficult to carry
2. if a problem weighs you down, it makes you feel worried and upset
  - Although he got a promotion, the responsibility weighed him down.

### loaded down: SYN weighed down

1. to give someone more work or problems than they can deal with
2. to make someone carry too many things
  - I will be loaded with shopping bags, so I will drive to the store.

### take down / jot down

to write a short piece of information quickly

- Please let me jot down your name and phone number, I will make him call you later.

### keep down

1. to prevent the size, cost, or quantity of something from increasing or being too great
  - Our department is always under pressure to keep costs down.

### shut down

1. if a company, factory, large machine etc shuts down or is shut down, it stops opening, either permanently or for a short time
  - When I finish my work, I shut my computer down.

### closed down

1. if a company, shop etc closes down or is closed down, it stops operating permanently
  - I'm worried that my favorite restaurant may be closed down due to this pandemic.

### read over

to read something carefully from beginning to end in order to check details or find mistakes

- I don't like the contract that it takes long time to read over.

### look over

to examine something or someone quickly, without paying much attention to detail

- Although I looked over the paper, I couldn't understand it at once because it's difficult for me.

### go over

2. to search or examine something very carefully
  - The police officers went over the suspect's car to find some drags.

### hand over

1. to give something to someone with your hand, especially because they have asked for it or should have it
  - The police officer was ordered to hand over his badge and his guns due to his failure. I often see such the scenes in the movies.

- - -

## Speaking: 41

1. He is one of the most famous writers **in the world**.
2. This coffee tastes bitter.
3. How long have they been running?
4. Although the book was expensive, the boy bought it.
5. The news I heard was very weired.
6. Why does she want to go to China?
7. She took a lot of pictures there.
8. My watch is cheaper than his.
9. His son will be a good doctor in the future.
10. Whose shoes are those?
    - ~~Those~~ **They** are his.

## Speaking: 42

1. He likes studying history.
2. The problem was easy enough for me to solve.
3. She had to call many people yesterday.
4. The girl he likes best is Helen.
5. Do you know why the teacher got angry?
    - No, I don't.
6. Your wife will be glad to hear the news.
7. Do you know the girl playing the piano?
    - Yes, I do.
8. When she went out, it was cloudy.
9. I don't remember where I put it.
10. They found a strange picture in the cave.

## Speaking: 43

1. Are there a lot of toys in his room?
    - Yes, there are.
2. When she read the story, the girl cried.
3. Many wonderful pictures will be painted by him.
4. As I had nothing to do yesterday, I went to the sea with my wife.
5. My husband has been in his room since this morning.
6. My son ~~haven't~~ **hasn't** written ~~a letter~~ to me since last year.
7. The children playing on the beach look happy.
8. Which ring do you want?
9. Many of the poems he wrote were beautiful.
10. We saw the airplane take off.

## Speaking: 44

1. The man she is ~~hanging~~ **going** out with is tall and handsome.
2. Did she believe he was a doctor?
    - Yes, she did.
3. What is the most important for you?
4. They want to know what the boy found.
5. There are her father's cars.
6. How kind that policeman ~~is~~ **was**!
7. Does she have many friends?
    - Yes, she does.
8. Do those children live in this town?
    - No, they don't.
9. Did he look tired?
10. He was happy to see his old friends.

## Speaking: 45

1. I don't think he read this article.
2. Is the bike John ~~rides~~ **is riding** old?
    - Yes, it is.
3. I saw a beautiful rainbow today.
4. Drink ~~water~~ as much **water** as possible.
5. He didn't know ~~how he explained it~~/**how to explain it**.
6. Do you want to take some rest?
    - Do you want to take a break?
7. The party hasn't started/**begun** yet.
8. Does your son have breakfast every day?
9. What time did she get to the station?
10. Did you go to the library yesterday?
    - No, I didn't.

 - -

## News: https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2012/201231-the-year-2020-m.pdf

For billions of people around the world, January the 1st, 2020 seemed like a great day. It was the start of a year that sounded like science fiction - 2020. Many people had great hopes for the year ahead. Few knew what a rollercoaster ride 2020 would be and how the world would change. The year has been dominated by the COVID-19 pandemic. This has brought hundreds of thousands of deaths, economic chaos, lockdowns and masked populations. Another huge event was the death of George Floyd at the hands of U.S. police in July.  This sparked the Black Lives Matter movement and global protests. The year ended with Joe Biden being voted in as the President-elect of the USA.

Different people will have different memories of 2020. Our reporters asked people around the world to tell us what they will remember 2020 for. Ahmed Hussein from Lebanon said he would never forget the massive explosion at a Beirut port in August that killed at least 190 people. He said he thanked God none of his family or friends were hurt, but was sad at the destruction of his city. Lucy Baxter, a nurse in the UK, said her happiest moment came with the news of the vaccines for COVID-19. She said she could see light at the end of a long and dark tunnel. Ayumi Miyamoto of Japan was saddened by the postponement of the Tokyo Olympics but is happy they will go ahead in 2021.  She said 2021 would be a good year.

### Discussion

* a) What did you think of 2020?
    - I think the whole world has changed in 2020.
    - We have a lot of things that we can't last year.
    - For examples, we couldn't travel, go out for a drink with friends, or enjoy concerts and events at all.
    - In addition, we needed to stay home to prevent the virus from spreading out.
    - However, we're seeing small light to exit the tunnel.
* b) What did you think 2020 would be like at the start of the year?
    - I thought 2020 would be busier than 2019 at the start of the year.
    - Because Tokyo Olympic games were scheduled to take place in the summer.
    - Moreover, my brother and his family were going to come to Japan to update their visa.
    - However, I worked from home for about a year and I've not been to anywhere this year.
    - Therefore, 2020 I imagined at the start of the year is much different from the 2020.
* c) What was the best thing about 2020?
    - It was the best for me to work from home.
    - Because I didn't have to commute to work at all.
    - I don't like commuting but I had to do it until last year.
    - However, this pandemic blown away our worthless commute.
    - I have time to jog or surf after work.
    - Therefore, it's the best in 2020.
* d) What regrets do you have about 2020?
    - I regret that I should have gone on a trip more in the world before this pandemic happened.
* e) How was your English studying in 2020?
    - I began to study English 2019 and I studied it much harder in 2020.
* f) How much did the pandemic affect you?
    - It affected me a lot.
* g) What do you know about the Black Lives Matter movement?
    - I don't it very well.
* h) What do you think of President-elect Joe Biden?
    - I think he will focus on environment, economic, and medical care.
