+++
title =  "2021-01-02: English"
date = 2021-01-02T17:00:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking 21

### Try.1

1. The girl riding the horse is Emily.
2. Is her husband rich?
  - No, he isn't.
3. The movie we watched last week was very interesting.
4. She will never forget the man she met at the party.
5. Is that old man his grandfather?
  - Yes, he is.
6. She was doing her homework in her room at that time.
7. This is a poem written by a famous poet.
8. This is the most interesting movie I've ever watched.
9. When did it begin to snow?
10. I konw all of them.

### Try.2

1. When did it begin to snow?
2. This is the most interesting movie I've ever seen.
3. This is a poem written by a famous poet.
4. She will never forget the man she met at that party.
5. The girl riding the horse is Emily.
6. I know all of them.
7. The movie we watched last week was very interesting.
8. Is her husband rich?
  - No, he isn't.
9. She was doing her homework in her room at that time.
10. Is that old man his grandfather?
  - Yes, he is.

## Speaking 22

### Try.1

1. Since this work is very important, we have to finish it first.
2. ~~Who is the beautiful girl you spoke to?~~
  - **Who is the pretty girl you were talking to?**
3. Does your father know thme?
  - Yes, he does.
4. Does John clean his room every day?
  - No, he doesn't.
5. What were you doing with him then?
6. When she opened the store, she was twenty three years old.
7. Where do you want me to take you?
8. She will be able to eat as much as you.
9. I don't know why he quit his job.
10. ~~Do~~ **Can** you see the dog which is running in the park?

### Try.2

1. Does your father know them?
  - Yes, he does.
2. When she opened the store, she was twenty-three years old.
3. Who is the pretty girl you were talking to?
4. Can you see the dog which is running in the park?
5. I don't know why he quit his job.
6. She will be able to eat as much as you.
7. Does John clean his room every day?
  - No, he doesn't.
8. Where do you want me to take you?
9. Since this work is very important, we have to finish it first.
10. What were you doing with him then?
