---
title: "2021-09-03: English"
date: 2021-09-03T16:52:46+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/09/03 Current Events (BEA)

[Flavonoids Can Cut the Risk of Dementia by a Third](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2107/210731-flavonoids-m.pdf)

## Notes
1. Be mindful of the third person singular.
2. Avoid to repeat same words, use pronouns and synonyms.
3. Remember how to say fraction.
  - one in five, one out of five, by a third, etc.

## Vocabulary and the example

The article said that flavonoid are in produce such as colorful vegetables and fruits and they can reduce the chances of developing dementia.
However, the price of fruits is high in Japan.
Some articles said that is because fruits has been luxury gifts which are presented to a seriously sick person or a person to whom one is indebted, in Japan.
In addition, it said that it's difficult to produce fruits in Japan where there are less lands that fit for cultivating them.
Anyway, if I can prevent from decline in quality of life, I will try to eat them more.

### flavonoid
a substance in fruit and vegetables that may help protect people against some types of cancer of heart disease

### powerhouse
1. an organization or place where there is a lot of activity or where a lot of things are produced
2. someone who is very strong or has a lot of energy

### dementia
an illness that affects the brain and memory, and makes you gradually lose the ability to think and behave normally

### decline
a decrease in the quality, quantity, or importance of something

### produce
food or other things that have been grown or produced on a farm to be sold

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say
When I want to say two different words many times, how can I say?
I can use pronoun to express one of them and can use a synonyms as another word.
For example, in the following sentences, I can use a pronoun and a synonym.

Flavonoids which are contained in vegetables and fruits can help people keep being healthy. Moreover, Flavonoids prevent your thinking skills from declining as you get older. If you want to keep be young and healthy, you should eat vegetables and fruits every day.

Flavonoids which are contained in vegetables and fruits can help people keep being healthy. Moreover, they prevent your thinking skills from declining as you get older. If you want to keep be young and healthy, you should eat those food every day.

---

# Today
I worked from home today as usual.
There was nothing special today as well as yesterday.
