+++
title =  "2021-01-27: English"
date = 2021-01-27T11:46:48+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Writing: Part2(26-28)

26. Speak about either of your parents
  - My father was a dental technician and now he is retired.
  - However, he sometimes goes to school to teach students at school.
  - He isn't talkative, but he has a lot of curiosity.
  - He has tried many things, for example amateur radio, computer, hiking, and taking pictures.
  - Now his hobby is go hiking at mountains to take beautiful pictures.
  - I think it's good for him to keep good health.
27. Talk about your bad habit and why it’s hard to stop.
  - My bad habit is seeing a smart phone, for example reading useless news or watching worthless movies.
  - Seeing a smart phone is hard to stop, like taking bad drugs.
  - I have never using those bad drugs though, I guess it's like drugs.
  - Although I want to stop the habit, but I use my smart phone without even realizing I'm using it.
  - Maybe I'll just have to throw it away.
28. Describe your personality.
  - I'm introverted and not talkative.
  - For example, even if I'm angry with someone, I don't talk about it to anyone at all.
  - Because talking about what I'm angry with makes me more angry, I think.
  - It's tiring.


- - -

## Phrasal verbs Part 1

### 081: a wave of anger **comes over**

- When she talks about her boss, a wave of anger sometimes comes over her.

### 082: **come through** the operation

- I hope I will come through the job interview which I will have next week.

### 083: exam results **come through**

- I don't like the time when an important exam results doesn't come through yet.

### 084: **come to** the topic

- He came to the topic, however I didn't want to talk about it because I hadn't got any good result yet.

### 085: **coming up**!

- Although she said "Coming up!", she didn't come up for a while.
- She might be busy too much.
