+++
title =  "2021-03-02: English"
date = 2021-03-02T10:02:46+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Homework: a 1 minite speech

Using between 130 or 150 or so words is appropriate in a one minute speech.
You ought to apply the outline template using the Point-Reason-Example-Point (PREP) format.

### My speech topic:

1. Main Idea or Point & opening
    + Opening
    + Reason
    + Example
2. Main Idea or Point
    + Point
    + Reason
    + Example
3. Main Idea or Point
    + Point
    + Reason
    + Example & close

Do you like Japanese animation?
I liked it especially when I was a child.
For example, I liked the animation created by Studio Ghibli, featured robots and so on.

I still like it, because many wonderful animations continue to be created.
However, I prefer comics now.
Because comics allows you to go through the story at your own pace.
In addition you can imagine the details of the story, like the voice of the character, background sound, temperatures, smells and so on.

If you are interested in comics, why don't you read it?
You will see a lot of interesting and amazing stories,
and have a lot of fun to read them.
Moreover, you may come across interesting comics for which animated version have not been produced yet.
Let's enjoy comics, too.

## today

Today it was raining and very windy.
I worked from home today as usual.
There was nothing unusual.
However, I drove for about an hour to take my mind off my work.
I drove listening to music.
It was good.

- - -

MeRISE Yvee to Everyone (6:23 PM)

I felt alone.
And worse,
it was my fault.
I wondered if I was just wrong.
An imposter.
A 22-year-old kid who had no idea of how things actually worked.
Now, years later, I understand that this is how things work
when there's no sense of higher purpose,
so it's up to all of us to create it,
so we can all keep moving forward together.

One of my favorite stories is
when JFK went to go visit the NASA Space Center and he saw a janitor
holding a broom, and he asked him what he was doing, and the janitor replied,
"Mister President, I am helping put a man on the moon."

Purpose is that feeling that you are a part of something bigger than yourself,
that you are needed, and that you have something better ahead to work for.
Purpose is what creates true happiness.
JK Rowling got rejected 12 times before she finally wrote and published Harry Potter.
Even Beyonce had to make hundreds of songs to get Halo.
The greatest successes come from having the freedom to fail.
Ideas don't come out fully formed, they only become clearer as you work on them.
You just have to get started.

- - -

## News: Countries wondering whether to have vaccine passports - 1st March, 2021

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - I think the vaccine passports is a good idea.
    - Because people will be able to go everywhere they want provided that they have the vaccine passport.
* b) What do you know about vaccine passports?
    - I don't know about it at all.
    - I've never heard of it.
* c) What are the arguments for vaccine passports?
    - They say that people who have the vaccine passport will be able to show their evidence to get vaccinated.
    - That is to say, they will able to take planes or go restaurants and thateres.
* d) What are the arguments against vaccine passports?
    - The arguments are that they will make some discrimination.
    - For example, people in poor countries will unable to get vaccinated for a while.
* e) Why might vaccine passports create inequality in society?
    - Because only people who have the passport will able to go anywhere.
    - Others may not be able to get on airplanes.
    - In addition, in low-income countries, most peolple won't be vaccinated for many years.
* f) Why are many people worried about having the vaccine?
    - Becuase they worry about side-effect of the vaccine.
    - There were a lot of reports about side-effect of vaccines for other virus.
    - Also in Japan, many people worry about it.
* g) How unfair are vaccine passports to poorer countries?
    - People in poorer countries may not be able to do many things the people can do in rich countries.
* h) What questions would you like to ask a vaccine maker?
    - I would like to ask them how many vaccine you will make.
    - Because all countries in the world want to get the vaccine and give their people.
    - In addition, there is not enough vaccine to deliver all around the world at all.
    - All countries are competing with getting the vaccine.

- - -

## Writing: Part2(29-31)

29. What do you do on arrival at work?
    - I always turn on my computer.
    - Because I'm a software engineer in the automotive field.
    - I'm a computer nerd, I'm always sitting on the chair and typing the keyboard.
    - However, I sometimes feel bored and tired sitting on the chair all day.
30. Talk about a shop or restaurant you often go to in your neighborhood.
    - My favourite restaurant serves Italian food.
    - It serves also beer and sausages they make by themselves.
    - Unfortunately, it has been closed this February due to this pandemic.
    - However, it opened again yesterday.
    - I will buy some bottles of beers and sake.
31. Do you like reading newspapers?
    - I liked reading newspapers before.
    - However now I'm not a big fan of reading newspapers.
    - Because I'm bored reading sad news or something related with the pandemic.
    - There are full of the coronavirus on the newspapers.
    - It's like that newspapers are infected with coronvarius.

- - -

## Phrasal verbs Part 1

### 061: the price of gas **comes down**

* The stock price has been coming up, not coming down.
    I didn't imagine that.

#### 062: **come from** Tokyo

* I came from Japan, I've been here before.

#### 063: **come from** a rich family

* I don't come from a rich family, but also not poor family.
    I was born in happy family and I have a brother.

#### 064: **come from** a language

* Tsunami comes from the Japanese language.
    By the way, a huge tsunami attacked the Tohoku regiion in Japan ten years ago.

#### 065: please **come in**

* Please come in and have a seat.
    Would you like some drinks or snacks?

#### 066: the train is **coming in**

* The train is coming in. It's almost the time about to leave my hometown.

#### 067: **come in** first

* I always came in first at a footrace when I was a child.
    However, I didn't glow much taller so that I didn't come in first eventually.

#### 068: too sick to **come in**

* I was too sick to come in the office twice last year.

#### 069: **come into** being

* The shrine came into being in the 17th century but it burned down last year.

#### 070: **come into** a lot of money

* Don't leave your money after your death.
    Your children will come into a lot of money, however they also have a lot of troubles.
