---
title: "2021-04-23: English"
date: 2021-04-23T17:25:47+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/04/23 Lesson - Conversation: at a coffee shop

I learned a conversation between a clerk and a customer at a coffee shop.

### Clerk

* Good morning! May I take your order, please?
* What flavor would you like?
* Would you like a pastry with that?
* That'll be six dollars.
* Will that be dine-in or takeout?
* Thank you very much.
* You can pick up your order at the next counter.

### Customer
* Good morning. Can I have a tall caffe latte, please?
* What flavors do you have?
* I'm going to try something new and I'll have hazelnut, please.
* What pastry do you have?
* I will have a muffin, please.
* Takeout, please. Here's ten dollars. Keep the change.

## Discussion

1. How often do you drink coffee?
  - I drink about two cups of coffee a day.
    I drink it in the morning and at noon.
2. Which is more common in your country, coffee or tea?
  - Tea is more common than coffee in Japan.
    Because most of Japanese like green tea and they can drink it freely at restaurant.
3. Do you drink coffee at home? If so, how do you make your coffee?
  - Yes, I do.
    I grind coffee beans and make some coffee.
4. Do you often go to coffee shops or cafes? Do you have a favorite cafe?
  - No, I don't often go there, but I sometimes buy coffee beans at Starbucks.
    Because It is near my house.
5. Do you think coffee is good for you? Why or why not?
  - Yes, I think so.
    Because it makes me relaxed or concentrate on my work.

## Vocabulary

### dine-in
eat in a restaurant

### can't be bothered
used to say that you do not want to make the effort to do something,
or that you are not interested in doing something

### go for
choose something

- - -
