---
title: "2021-06-09: English"
date: 2021-06-09T12:27:03+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/06/09 Lesson - Elective Listening

[Where do new words come from? - Marcel Danesi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ytr28t5VzAs)

Every year, about 1,000 new words are added to the Oxford English Dictionary.
Where do they come from, and how do they make it into our everyday lives?

With over 170,000 words currently in use in the English language,
it might seem we already have plenty.
Yet, as our world changes, new ideas and inventions spring forth,
and science progresses,
our existing words leave gaps in what we want to express
and we fill those gaps in several ingenious,
practical, and occasionally peculiar ways.

One way is to absorb a word from another language.
English has borrowed so many words over its history
that nearly half of its vocabulary comes directly from other languages.
Sometimes, this is simply because the thing the word describes was borrowed itself.
Rome and France brought legal and religious concepts,
like altar and jury, to Medieval England,
while trade brought crops and cuisine,
like Arabic coffee, Italian spaghetti, and Indian curry.
But sometimes, another language has just the right word
for a complex idea or emotion, like naïveté, machismo, or schadenfreude.

Scientists also use classical languages to name new concepts.
Clone, for example, was derived from the Ancient Greek word for twig
to describe creating a new plant from a piece of the old.

And today, the process works both ways,
with English lending words like software to languages all over the world.

Another popular way to fill a vocabulary gap is by combining existing words that each convey part of the new concept.
This can be done by combining two whole words into a compound word,
like airport or starfish, or by clipping and blending parts of words together,
like spork, brunch, or internet.

And unlike borrowings from other languages,
these can often be understood the first time you hear them.

And sometimes a new word isn't new at all.
Obsolete words gain new life by adopting new meanings.
Villain originally meant a peasant farmer,
but in a twist of aristocratic snobbery came to mean someone not bound
by the knightly code of chivalry and, therefore, a bad person.

A geek went from being a carnival performer to any strange person
to a specific type of awkward genius.

And other times, words come to mean their opposite through irony,
metaphor, or misuse, like when sick or wicked are used to describe something literally amazing.

But if words can be formed in all these ways,
why do some become mainstream while others fall out of use or
never catch on in the first place?

Sometimes, the answer is simple,
as when scientists or companies give an official name to a new discovery or technology.
And some countries have language academies to make the decisions.
But for the most part, official sources like dictionaries only document current usage.
New words don't originate from above,
but from ordinary people spreading words that hit the right combination of useful and catchy.

Take the word meme, coined in the 1970s by sociobiologist Richard Dawkins from the Ancient Greek for imitation.
He used it to describe how ideas and symbols propagate through a culture like genes through a population.
With the advent of the Internet, the process became directly observable in how jokes and images were popularized at lightning speed.
And soon, the word came to refer to a certain kind of image.
So meme not only describes how words become part of language, the word is a meme itself.
And there's a word for this phenomenon of words that describe themselves: autological.
Not all new words are created equal.
Some stick around for millennia, some adapt to changing times, and others die off.

Some relay information, some interpret it, but the way these words are created and the journey they take to become part of our speech tells us a lot about our world and how we communicate within it.


## Summary

Every year, new words are invented and they make it into our everyday lives.
As our world changes and science progresses, our existing words leave gaps and we fill those gaps in several ways.

The first way is to borrow words from other languages.
The second way is to combine existing words.
The last way is to give new meanings of obsolete words.

Some of those new words become mainstream, but others are gone.
Those words are from ordinary people spreading words that hit the right combination of useful and catchy.
And some stick around for years, some adapt to changing times, and others die off.
We can know a lot about our world and how we communicate within it through the history of those words.

## Vocabulary

### ingenious: adj
1. an ingenious plan, idea or object works well and is the result of clever thinking and new ideas
2. someone who is ingenious is very good at inventing things or at thinking of new ideas

### peculiar: adj
1. strange, unfamiliar, or a little surprising
3. behaving in a strange and slightly crazy way

### coined: verb
1. to invent a new word or expression, especially one that many people start to use

### propagate
1. to spread an idea, belief etc to many people
2. if you propagate plants, or if they propagate, they start to grow from a parent plant to produce new plants

### spring forth
to suddenly appear of start to exist

### altar
1. a holy table or surface used in religious ceremonies

### jury
1. a group of often 12 ordinary people who listen to the details of a case in court and decide whether someone is guilty or not
2. a group of people chose to judge a competition

### in the first place
used to talk about the beginning of a situation, or the situation before something happened

### meme
1. a type of behaviour or an idea that spreads to other members of a group

### the advent of something
the time when something first begins to be widely used

### millennium

## Notes

1. Take notes on keywords during listening to videos to get toe specific information
2. Focus on keywords without being overwhelmed moving things of the video

## Homework
### Introduce Japanese words that are accepted or used by foreign people.

Karaoke is spread from Japan.
Karaoke is made from two words.
"Kara" means "empty" in Japanese.
"Oke" is abbreviation from "orchestra" in Japanese pronunciation.
It means that you can sing a song without orchestra.

The word was born in 1970's, Japan.
I don't know the exact reason that Karaoke was spread to all over the world.
I guess that's because we want to feel tie with others and music can do it.
In addition, you can easily sing a song without long time practice of instruments.

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say

**TODO**

### What's the difference among the dialects of Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo, and Hokkaido?

**TODO**
