---
title: "2021-05-22: English"
date: 2021-05-22T15:43:43+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/05/22 Lesson - Elective Listening

[STOP WASTING TIME - Part1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3FA2kALScU)

The one commodity that is most valuable on this earth is time.
Time to love, time to live.
From the moment the human body is born it begins dying.

I don't think you, you quite caught that. Let me say it again.

From the moment the human body is born it begins dying.
Some happen faster, some happen slower, some of us help them go faster, and some of them prevent it from happening sooner than later.
How many seconds, how many minutes do we waste every day doing things
that are nowhere near the goals and aspirations and passions that we have inside?
How many times you go through the course of a day and realize did I do anything I set out to do today?

Write down those goals each and every day.
No matter if there's two goals a day if you can accomplish those,
then you're doing more than just making it through the day.
You are living and achieving your dreams.
Find time to better yourself.
Read, explore, research, live life do things you've never thought of doing before.
That's what it's all about.
When you're born that's that date that they put on the left side of the tombstone.
When you die, they put another date on the right side of the tombstone.
But that dash in the middle is the most important thing on that tombstone.
That is a line that throughout that entire time frame.
You were able to impact and touch others lives.
You were able to leave your mark on this earth.
You were able to build a legacy that nobody could change.
You were able to have it to where people remember who you are, no matter what.
When you're living for that dash in the middle,
you're going to remember your why.

Your why, why you're here, not, not the why, why did you do something, your why.
Your, your reason for getting up in the morning.
Your reason for pushing yourself past the brink of exertion and giving up.
Your reason for moving on and getting things done in life.
That dash in the middle that's the thing that pushes you.


How do you rate yourself on a scale of one to ten in terms of your physical appearance?
In terms of your health?
Do you take care of yourself?
Are you allowing yourself to get overweight and out of shape?
Are you conscious of your health?
Are you watching the food that you take into your body?
Do you make a deliberate effort to exercise, you know it was George Burns,
he said we cannot help getting older,
but we don't have to get old and many of us get old before our time
because we don't take time to take care of ourselves.
Your environment is a very good indicator on a scale of one to ten is it what you want it to be?
Do you find it desirable?
Are you satisfied?
The job or career that you're involved in someone said that 85% of the American public are unhappy with their jobs.
Are you spending eight hours a day just doing time?
Doing something that you don't find challenging, that does not make you stretch mentally, that does not stimulate you, that does not inspire you,
something that you don't find a sense of fulfillment in it?
If you're doing that day in and day out, it has to affect how you feel about yourself, your level of motivation, your relationships.
What kind of impact is that having on your life?
Is it nourishing or is it a toxic relationship?
Does it drain you or does it build you up?
Ask yourself that.
How motivated are you to do something about it?
Your contribution, your actions... what are you giving?
Many people will leave the universe without a trace.
No one will know they were here and in fact under their name we could put under there, 'not used up.'

Will anybody know that you came this way?
What contribution are you giving?
What will you leave?
What will be different, because you came this way?


Just, just stop for a second.
Write down your why.
What are you doing this for in life?
If your why doesn't make you cry, that's not your why.
Again, if your why doesn't make you cry, then that's not your why.
Your why should be something so big that it moves your family tree.
Your why should be something so big that it changes the whole outlook on how things are with you and your home, your family, your religion, your purpose.
Think about your passion, think about your opportunities and that's how you find your purpose. OPP.
When that why meets up with your passion, your opportunity, your purpose, then you'll find out.
The most important day in your life is the day you remember why you were born.

## Summary

Time is most valuable on the earth.
Time is fair to all of us.

If you spend time to do things that are different from your goals, aspirations and passions, you should fix it.
You should write down your goals everyday and you should do those things at least one.
That's worth it for you to do.

You are usually spending 8 hours a day to work.
Your work effects your satisfaction of your life.
If you keep working for what you don't feel satisfaction,
it affects your life.

You should write down reasons why you are doing it in life.
You should do only things that you know why you're doing.
Those must be for your passion, your opportunity, or you purpose.

## Notes
1. Practice more giving opinions directly without taking much time
2. Analyze questions to response more appropriately
3. Improve using conditional statements
4. Don't hesitate to speak further not to lose chance to improve

## Vocabulary

I don't have any aspiration to leave my legacy.
I don't do any exertion to do it.
I will deliberately choose things that I really hope to do.
I care whether or not commodity or service that I'm envolved is useful for me, my family and others.
I care whether or not is helps me improve myself.
Those are the indicator which is important for me to do.

### commodity
A product that is bought and sold

### aspiration
1. a strong desire to have or achieve something

### legacy
1. something that happens or exists as a result of things that happened at an earlier time
2. money or property that you receive from someone after they die

### exertion
1. a lot of physical or mental effort
2. the use of power, influence etc to make something happen

### deliberate
1. intended or planned
2. deliberate speech, thought, or movement is slow and careful

### indicator
1. something that can be regarded as a sign of something else

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say

### When do you go shopping?

## Do you like crazy sales?

## How do you divide your time in advance?

- - -

# Today

I'm very fine today, because I get enough sleep last night.
I couldn't fall asleep easily this week though.
I had three or four hours sleep a day.
I don't why, but probably due to a bit hot and high humidity, I guess.
So, I went to a clinic to get medicine for sleep yesterday.
The medicine worked well.
I had nine hours sleep last night.
Therefore, I can think clearly now.

By the way, rainy season almost started this week in Japan.
It's cloudy and rainy this week.
I don't care about rainy, but I care high humidity.
I don't like it, because laundry don't get dry enough and I feel always wet.
It's uncomfortable.
The rainy season will continue for about a month.
I wish it will past quickly as possible.
