---
title: "2021-03-31: English"
date: 2021-03-31T16:34:45+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/03/31 lesson

## 1. foot the bill
to pay for something, especially something expensive that you do not want to pay for

When I was in junior high school, I broke a statue of a raccoon dog on the way home from school. My parents had to foot the bill.

## 2. put one's foot down
to say very firmly that someone must do something or must stop doing something

You will have to put your foot down and tell him to finish his work by this Friday. Because we have to release our product next Monday.

## 3. get off on the right foot
to start a relationship well

It's difficult for me to get off on the right foot with a new colleague.
Before I know his personality, I can't be too familiar with him, and I can't be too polite.

## 4. set foot
to go to or enter a place

You can't set foot in the room without permission.
Because you should have permitted from your boss before you set foot.

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say

You look sunburned well.
You enjoyed very much there, I guess.
Did you swam in the sea or play with your colleagues at the beach?
That would be a lot of fun.

I often go surfing in the daytime.
However, I am not sunburned very much, am I?
Because I always use sunscreen.
Actually I'm sunburned well easily without it, so I don't like sunburned.
Now, I'm thinking about using a hat during surfing in summer due to prevent from being sunburned.

- - -

# Today

I'm doing good.
I worked from home today as usual.
There was nothing special as usual.
Today is the end of a business year.
So, I was bit busy today.

In Japan, the beginning of the business year is April, not January.
Because new Year's day is the most important holiday in Japan.
Many people go back their hometown to spend the New Year's holiday with their family.
Therefore, the government decided that July was the beginning of the business year for the first time.
However, many Japanese were very busy to prepare their rice fields in July. So, the government decided that April was the beginning.
Because, they thought that the bloom of the cherry blossom and the start working were fit as the beginning of the business year for many Japanese.
As the result, April is the beginning of the business year.
