---
title: "2021-08-24: English"
date: 2021-08-24T13:50:40+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/08/24 Touchstone3 (ALEX)
I learned keeping the conversation going, showing interest and asking a question.

## Vocabulary and the example
What genre of hobby do you like?
What activities do you do in leisure time?
For example, reading books, watching movies, hiking, skiing, etc.
Whatever you want, you're sometimes bored with it, aren't you?
How do you prolong your hobby?

Speaking of myself, I spice up my hobby, surfing, introducing new gears when I feel bored with it.
For example, I bought a bodyboard and fins, more longer surfboard.
Those showed me a new aspect of surfing, I mean those got me interested in riding waves more.

The reason you get bored with your hobby is because you feel your growth is slow.
New experience can bring you forward.
You should give some follow-up something into the activity when you feel stuck.

### spice up
1. to add interest or excitement to something

### follow-up
2. done in order to find out more or do more about something

### leisure
1. time when you are not working or studying and can relax and do things you enjoy

### prolong
1. to deliberately make something such as a feeling or an activity last longer

### vice versa
used to say that the opposite of a situation you have just described is also true

### speaking of someone/something
related to the subject being discussed

### genre
a particular type of art, writing, music etc, which has certain features that all examples of this type share

---

# Today
I work from home today.
This is a break at work in a sense.
