---
title: "2021-06-12: English"
date: 2021-06-12T15:50:27+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/06/12 Lesson - Current Event

[1 in 5 People Arrested in Japan Are Seniors](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/1-in-5-people-arrested-in-japan-are-seniors/KAb_5FrDEeuXQodL0ce89A)

## Vocabulary

I don't think that I can receive some pension when I will be old.
Because the proportion of elderly people will keep increasing and
charge of tax on younger people will keep being heavy.
Many elderly people will have to live in poverty provided that we will not take any countermeasures.
At first those poor people will do shoplifting,
but they will commit more serious crime to stay in a prison longer.
Any developed counties will have the same troubles as Japan.
I will keep getting touch with my family and friends to avoid isolation at least.

### shoplifting
the crime of stealing things from shops, for example by hiding in a bag or under your clothes

### pension
an amount of money paid regularly by the government or company to someone who does not work anymore, for example because they have reached the age when people stop working or because they are ill.

### commit
1. to do something wrong or illegal

### isolation
1. who one group, person, or things is separate from others
2. when someone feel alone and unable to meet or speak to other people

### theft
1. the crime of stealing
2. an act of stealing something

### poverty
the situation or experience of being poor

## Notes

1. Expand vocabulary to use new words in conversation.
2. Be careful to use prepositions properly.


- - -

# Today

I'm relaxed today, I went shopping at a supermarket with my wife.
And I bought some wine and beers as usual.

I was bit busy this week,
because I had a technical test and job interview and prepared for them.
In addition, I have to review a technical test for a job interview next week.
I have to keep doing such things at least in a few weeks, because I’m going to have job interviews of 3 or 4 companies.
I hope I will be able to pass at least one of them.
