+++
title =  "2021-03-15: English"
date = 2021-03-15T19:16:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Phrasal verbs Part 1

### 091: language **comes with** training

I know that language comes with training.
On the other hand, I wish I can speak English soon.

### 092: **get away** from someone

I want to get away from my company.
Because I suppose that I can't improve myself in my company.

### 093: **get away** from it all

I like working busy usually.
However I sometimes want to get away from it all.

### 094: **get away** with cheating

I will never forgive a person who is going to get away with telling a lie.

### 095: **get back** home

I don't need to get back home nowadays.
Because I always work from home everyday.
I like it.

### 096: **get** money **back**

I lost a lot of money last month.
I was disappointed with me and felt shame.
I will get money back definitely.

### 097: **get back!**

Get back! 
You are about to be hit by cars.
You should step back.

### 098: **get down** to business

Hello, Mr.X. I'm Y.
Welcome to our company.
We have several agendas today, but we don't have enough time to discuss.
So, let's get down to business.

### 099: **get down** on one's knees

If you encounter fire in hotel, 
you should get down on your knees and go to exit.

### 100: **get down** from there

I used to be told from my Mom "Get down from there!".
Because I liked climb high places when I was a child.

- - - 

## Listening: 2-17

### Mode.1

1. Some of the statue of Parthenon is in museums around the world.
2. The government built a new road that surrounded the city and subway system much bigger.
3. Salad with Godard cheese and olives, roast meat, fresh seafood and bread with olive oil, fish eggs, delicious yogurt and garlic sauce are famous as Greek food.

### Mode.2

1. Some of the statue of Parthenon is in museums around the world.
2. The government built a new road that surrounds the city and subway system much bigger.
3. Greek food has Godard cheese and olives, roast meat, fresh seafood and many type of fresh bread served with olive oil, fish eggs, delicious garlic and yogurt sauce.

### Mode.3

1. Some of the statue of Parthenon is in museums around the world.
2. The government built a new road that surrounds the city and subway system much bigger.
3. Greek food has Godard cheese and olives, roast meat, fresh seafood and many type of fresh bread served with olive oil, fish eggs, or delicious garlic and yogurt sauce.

### Sentences

1. Some of them are still there. Others are in museums around the world.
2. The government built a new road that surrounds the city and made the subway system much bigger.
3. Outdoor cafes and restaurant serve delicious Greek foods like salads with goat cheese and olives, roast meats, fresh seafood and many types of fresh bread served with olive oil, fish eggs or delicious garlic and yogurt sauce.

### Answers

1. Some of them are still in the Parthenon. Others are in museums around the world. 
2. The government built a new road tat surrounds the city and made the subway system much bigger.
3. Salads with goat cheese and olives, roast meats, fresh seafood and many types of fresh bread served with olive oil, fish eggs or delicious garlic and yogurt sauce. 
