---
title: "2021-10-20: English"
date: 2021-10-20T17:33:53+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/10/20 Conversation (KAT)
I learned about gradable and non-gradable (adjectives and adverbs).

## Gradable adjectives
Most adjectives are gradable.
This means we can have different levels of that quality.

### Rules of Gradable adjectives
1. We can make them weaker or stronger with modifiers.
  * modifiers(adverbs): a little/a bit, pretty/quite, really/very, extremely, fairly, hugely, immensely, intensely, rather, reasonably, slightly, very, unusually
  * adjectives: angry, big, boring, cheap, cold, expensive, frightening, funny, hot, interesting, old, pretty, small, tasty, tired, etc.
2. A gradable adjective can also have comparative and superlative forms
  * adjectives: big, important

## Non-Gradable adjectives
A non-gradable adjective cannot be used with grading adverbs.
Non-gradable adjectives do not normally have comparative and superlative forms.
Often, non-gradable adjectives are used alone.

### Rules of Non-Gradable adjectives
1. **Absolute adjectives**
  * These adjectives describe absolute qualities.
  * To make them stronger, we have to use modifiers like absolutely, totally, or completely.
  * modifiers(adverbs): absolutely, totally, completely, utterly, nearly, virtually
  * adjectives: acceptable, dead, destroyed, finished, free, impossible, necessary, perfect, ruined, unacceptable, etc.
2. **Extreme adjectives**
  * They already contain the idea of 'very' in their definitions.
  * If we want to make extreme adjectives stronger, we have to use absolutely or really
  * modifiers(adverbs): absolutely, totally, completely, utterly, nearly, virtually
  * adjectives: amazing, ancient, awful, boiling, delicious, enormous, excellent, exhausted, fascinating, freezing, gorgeous, terrible, terrifying, tiny, etc.

## Vocabulary and the example
It's pretty chilly these days, the weather has completely changed into Autumn.
If I were asked which seasons I like among four seasons, I would said that Autumn is absolutely the best.
Because everything in Autumn becomes totally delicious in order to prepare for Winter.
For example, I love a seasonal fish, saury, in Autumn.
However, there is a chronic scarcity of the fish these years, the price becomes a bit higher than before.
I'm afraid that climate change will utterly change our lives.

### intensifier
a word, usually an adverb, that is used to emphasize and adjective, adverb, or verb, for example the word 'absolutely' in the phrase 'that's absolutely wonderful'

### immensely, SYN: extremely
very much

### terrifying / terrified
extremely frightening/frightened

### utterly
completely - used especially to emphasize that something is very bad, or that a feeling is very strong

### virtually, SYN: practically
almost

### furious
1. very angry

### ecstatic
1. feeling extremely happy and excited

### thrilled
very excited, happy and pleased

### mortified
extremely offended, ashamed, or embarrassed

### devastated
feeling extremely shocked and sad

### horrify
to make someone feel very shocked and upset or afraid

### astonished, SYN: amazed
very surprised about something

---

# Today

It's chilly these days.
The weather has become completely Autumn.
I need a jacket and socks.

By the way, I'm in sleep trouble.
I can't fall asleep soon at night.
So, I take sleep medicine lately.
But, I feel dull the next day I took it.

I guess that the reason is that I didn't do enough exercise due to busy work in these days.
I didn't go out from home the last three days, even one step.
Because I need to prepare for taking over, I will move to another department in two months,
I don't know well about the next work actually.
But I hope it will be fun.
