---
title: "2021-02-18: English"
date: 2021-02-18T17:37:42+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Review 2021/02/18 Lesson - Idioms

### 1. be ahead of the pack
to be more successful than the other people or companies you are competing against

* Since the girl won the latest tournament, she is way ahead of the pack.

### 2. a ballpark figure
A rough numerical estimate

* We should make a ballpark figure on the project at the beginning of it.

### 3. by the book
exactly according to rules or instructions

* He doesn't like to go by the book, he wants to use his creativity.

### 4. somebody's hands are tied
not being free to behave in the way that you would like because of something such as rule or law.

* He wants to reform the organization but his hands are tied by a lot of strict rules.

### 5. twist someone's arm
to persuade someone to do something they do not want to do

* No one twists his arm about anything, he is the mafia.

### Discussion Questions:

1. Do you want to be ahead of the pack? Why or why not?
  - No, I don't.
  - Because I don't want to competing against the others.
  - I just care of my happiness and my family's one.
  - If I want to be ahead of the pack, I will never feel happy, I guess.
  - Because I can't have everything and I can't be the best of the world.
  - That is to say, trying to be ahead of the pack is endless.
2. Could you share to me the ballpark figure, how much the cost is, if I travel to your place?
  - I guess it will cost about five hundred dollars for one way.
  - However, I think you can't travel to my place due to the pandemic.
  - If I make a ballpark figure on the day when you can travel to my place, it's next year.
3. Why is it important to follow everything by the book when we are traveling outside of the country?
  - Because you are not familiar with the country you travel.
  - So, you don't know where it's danger for tourists or what you shouldn't do.
  - Therefore, you ought to follow everything by the book especially for the first time.
4. Have you ever refused someone because your hands are tied? What did you do instead to help him/her?
  - I have refused my colleague's favor because my hands were tied by rules of our company.
  - My group and my colleague's group are different, so we need to have permission of our both bosses to cooperate with each other.
  - However, I couldn't get the permission, because my team was too busy to help the other team.
5. Did someone twist your arm before? Why did you do it? Why you didn't do it?
  - Yes, my mother twisted my arm before due to my laziness.
  - She told me to clean my room up, tidy it away and throw unnecessary things away.
  - However, I didn't like doing them because I feel it tiring and boring.


- - -

## Today

It was fine and I'm doing good today.
I worked from home as usual and there is nothing special.
Did you have anything special recently?

Fortunately, the number of patients infected with coronavirus is decreasing in Japan. However, health care is under pressure because the hospital bed is almost full of patients.

I'm tired and bored of this pandemic.
Although I like working from home, I want to travel somewhere.
Where did you go recently?

By the way, the last Saturday, there was a huge earthquake in Japan.
