---
title: "2021-04-26: English"
date: 2021-04-26T18:50:12+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/04/26 Lesson - Touchstone 3

## What I learned
I learned about adjectives and adverbs.
Adjectives tell us more about a noun.
On the other hand, adverbs tell us more about verb, adjectives, or adverbs.
In general, adverbs are adjective + ly, but it has some irregular adverbs.
For example, good and well, late and late, fast and fast.

## Vocabulary
He was about to have an accident with reckless driving because he focused on a sleek and beautiful lady on the street during driving.

### sleek
3. someone who is sleek looks rich and is well dressed

### reckless
not caring or worrying about the possible bad or dangerous results of your actions

## Notes
I often repeat sentences which have same meanings when I deliver my opinion.
So, I should use "OREO" and accurate conjunctions.

## What I could't say but I wanted
The government declared the state of emergency again, it's the third time.
But now the number of patients with coronavirus is increasing instead.
I guess, the reason is that people are boring about it and they would like to enjoy the Golden week which started this week.
I understand them.

However, there is a serious situation especially in Osaka.
Although hospitals have enough the number of beds,
there are not enough medical staffs in Japan,
It's not easy to educate medical staffs immediately.

what I can do for this is to stay at home.
I can work from home and enjoy myself at home, watching movies, studying English, or studying technical things.
So, I will do those things during whole this Golden week.

- - -

# Today

I worked from home today as usual.

Last week, I enjoyed surfing very much.
Because the typhoon swell reached at the nearest beach from Philippines.
I'm so sorry that many people might be suffered from the typhoon,
but I could enjoy surfing a lot.

In these days, I took a walk to around my home with my wife.
We explored our town and found a cafe or shop we didn't know.
Although we lived for four years in this town, we don't know many things.
It's fun to find something new in our town.
