---
title: "2021-05-28: English"
date: 2021-05-28T17:51:06+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/05/28 Lesson - Conversation

[How This Guy Cleaned a Lake!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6JseTWJCpY)

## Vocabulary
I'm not noble and also I don't have ethical ideas very much.
However, I don't want to see my hometown and habitat of animals and plants being contaminated.
Therefore, I'd like to contribute just bit particle something for environmental protection.
I think everyone thinks so, too.
That is the reason that Ms.Greta attracts people probably.

### contaminated
water, food, etc that is contaminated has had a harmful substance added to it

### noble
1. morally good or generous in a way that is admired

### ethical
1. relating to principles of what is right and wrong

### habitat
the natural home of a plant or animal

### attract
4. to make someone or something move towards another thing

### particle
a very small piece of something

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say

* If you are given a chance to clean one of the dirtiest cities in your country, what would it be?

I would like to develop a nanotechnology that gets rid of nuclear radiation.
Because a nuclear plant was melt down due to a huge Tsunami from a big earthquake ten years ago.
It polluted the vast area around the plant with nuclear radiation.

A certain science fiction comic refers about a micro machine which can do it.
The micro machine is called "Miracle of Japan".
I think it's now when we need it.
I wish scientists will develop it someday.

- - -

# Today

I'm fine, but I'm bit busy.
Because I study English and also I study for a technical qualification test.
And I'm going to have the exam tomorrow.
