+++
title =  "2021-01-26: English"
date = 2021-01-26T09:24:28+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2021/01/26 lesson - Phrasal verbs Unit.17

### 17.2

1. Local cafe **shut** down by health inspectors.
2. Doctors wan teenagers to **cut** down on cigarettes.
3. Revel troops **hand** over weapons.
4. twenty oaks **chopped** down to make way for bypass.
5. Government promises to **keep** down inflation.
6. Cabinet of ministers to **go** over report in detail tomorrow.


### 17.3.3

1. I need a holiday. Stress and overwork are **weighed** me down.
2. Let me **jot** down your e-mail address on this slip of paper.
3. A lot of fences **fell** down in the hurricane last night.
4. The police are trying to **cut** down on street crime.
5. The government is doing all it can to **keep** prices down.

### 17.3.4

1. put over
    - present
    * communicating or expressing clearlyy
2. move over
    - move to make a space
    * move to make more room for someone else
3. check over
    - examine
    * examine to make sure they are correct
4. knock over
    - kick it
    * hit it with their foot so that it spills
5. boil over
    - boil until it creates bubble
    * flow over the side of the pan

- - -

## Speaking: 66

1. Did you go to France to see her?
2. I've never told ~~lies~~ **a lie**.
3. Did you see him swim across the river?
    - Yes, I did.
4. This ring must be my mother's.
5. This is the most difficult subject of all.
6. The city is visited by many foreigners every year.
7. I know a boy whose parents live abroad.
8. I think he is thinking about her.
9. His name is known to young people.
10. He watched TV until his father came back.

## Speaking: 67

1. He isn't good at telling jokes.
2. Since she felt bad/**sick**, she didn't go out.
3. It's ~~danger~~ **dangerous** for women to walk **alone** **in** this area.
    It's dangerous for women to walk alone in this area.
4. Although the man is old, he is stronger than you.
5. The girl whose father is a writer likes reading books.
6. They don't look busy.
7. She speaks English better than ~~all~~ **any** of us.
8. Do you remember the night when we went to that party?
9. What did he put on the table?
10. The boy was very shy.

## Speaking: 68

1. Doesn't Mary like dogs?
    - No, she doesn't.
2. Let's have her ~~to~~ do this work.
3. He doesn't know how old his grandmother is.
4. He made me sing.
5. Where did the children go to play baseball?
6. Eat this, or she will get angry.
7. My grandmother likes talking with young people.
8. Do you know which car is the most expensive?
9. ~~See~~ **Look at** the cat which is drinking milk.
10. I've never been spoken ~~to~~ by that man.

## Speaking: 69

1. Did she make a mistake?
2. I read the story last night.
3. Bob is the most ~~diligent~~ of the boys.
4. The poem ~~is~~ **was** short enough for me to remember.
5. I want you to turn off the TV.
6. What he said surprised everyone.
7. The cat ~~has~~ lived to be twenty three years old.
8. She has been driving for more than three hours.
9. The boy who was born in India lives in Germany **now**.
10. Did she ~~found~~ **find** him attractive?

## Speaking: 70

1. I came here to see your father.
2. It has snowed three times since January.
3. Well, shall we have dinner?
4. When was their house built?
5. Did you father graduate from this school?
    - Yes, he did.
6. ~~Did you go to see a movie with her?~~
    - **Did you go to the movies with her last week?**
    - No, I didn't.
7. She has a dog which has blue eyes.
8. It may snow tomorrow.
9. I'm glad to hear that they got married.
10. I believe everything will go well.

