---
title: "2021-05-04: English"
date: 2021-05-04T18:57:48+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/05/04 Lesson - Touchstone3
I learned personality words or expressions which describe person's character.

## Vocabulary and the example

### thoroughly
1. completely
2. carefully, so that nothing is forgotten

### assess
1. to make a judgement about a person or situation after thinking carefully about it

### bossy
1. always telling other people what to do, in a way that is annoying

### offended
someone who is offended is angry and upset by someone's behaviour or remarks

### Example
I don't like people who are bossy and easily offended
I've heard that leadership is not position.
Some of bosses think that they should be respected due to their position.
It's not true. I don't respect such people at all.
I want them to thoroughly focus on assessing what our team should do, not how hard we're working.

### What I could't say but I wanted to say
I didn't ask her what she was doing last weekend or how she is doing.
It's rude, I think. So, I'll try to ask her next time.

There are many troubles about tailgating in Japan recently.
A certain driver was offended due to be honked and then
he tailgated and stopped the driver who honked to him and punched the driver out.
In addition, he did that on a highway.
His terrible behaviour was recorded by a dashboard camera and he was arrested.
Since then, many people bought dashboard cameras. I am one of them.

By the way, the top of cause of death among young people in Japan is suicide.
The number of death from suicide is more than the double the number of deaths from traffic accident.
Therefore, we should care our mentality, not only driving.

- - -

# Today and last weekend

I'm relaxed this Golden week.
I took a walk, go shopping, surfing and studying.
