---
title: "2021-03-28-English"
date: 2021-03-28T14:37:01+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Review 2021/03/28 lesson - negotiation bargaining

At the last lesson I learned bargaining at the negotiation.

### Summarize
* Can I just run over the main points?
* Let's go over the main points again.

### State as unresolved areas
We can tie up the loose ends at a later date.

### Checkign and confirming
* Do you agree with that?
* Is that an accurate Summary?

### Action points for the future
We'll review this again in six months.
We'll draw up a final contract.

### Next meeting
I suggest we meet at the same time next week.

### Positive Close
* I think we've both got a good deal.
* We can finish there. I look forward to our next meeting.


## Today

It rained in the morning and then cloudy in the afternoon.
There was nothing special.
I went to the library to take back a book I borrowed two weeks ago and borrowed another book.
After that I went surfing, a short while ago I came back home and took a shower.
It's an ordinary weekend.

- - -

## Next Time

I don’t belong to the sales department or I’m not manager who manages the budget of a team.
In addition, I will not be the person who needs negotiation at work hereafter.
I will have the negotiation class when I will need it.
So I’d like to another class next time.
For example, I'll have presentation, correspondence, telephoning or Job interview again.

## Today's agenda

https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/how-to-write-a-meeting-agenda

### Meeting agenda

* Date: 2021/03/28
* Time: 18:00
* Location: Zoom

#### Agenda details
Goal: Review the software development cost of the last released product, identify the development costs that were the most, and decide to the budget of the software development for the next product.

### Email

I’d like to decide the following agenda for today’s class of  the negotiation.

Review the software development cost of the last released product, identify the development costs that were the most, and decide the budget of the software development for the next product.

However, I’ve never negotiated at work, so I can’t imagine it well.
So, I hope you can help me flesh out the agenda for today's negotiation class.
