+++
title =  "2021-01-22: English"
date = 2021-01-22T18:00:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2021/01/22 Lesson: Presentation

### Question that I couldn't answer well

* What ingredients are Mochi made?
  - Thank you for asking that question.
  - That's a good question.
  - Mochi is basically made of rice for Mochi.
  - You steam the rice and pound it with a pestle until it becomes sticky.
  - It's done. You made Mochi.
  - On the other hand, Mochi desserts are made from a variety of ingredients.
  - For example, fruit, bean paste, ice cream, vegetables and Mochi.
  - You can use everything you want.
  - Did I answer your question?

- - -

## Phrasal verbs Part 1

### 076: one's work **comes on**

- My work is not coming on, because my motivation is going down.

### 077: the sun **comes out**

- The sun set down and the moon came out. It was so beautiful.

### 078: a novel is **coming out**

- I didn't know that the latest Stephen King's novel came out six months ago.

### 079: a tooth **comes out**

- When I was a child, my father collected my tooth came out and reconstructed them as a anniversary.

### 080: why don't you **come over**

- It's danger for you to come over a stranger house.

- - -

## Speaking: 56

1. Tom went to the airport to see his friend off.
2. Does the woman know which car to choose?
3. When did Ed and Nancy ~~marry~~ **get married**?
4. His father was tall.
5. Do you know when the festival will begin?
6. Do you know the boy who asked a question to him?
  - Do you know the boy who asked him a question?
7. I'm going to call him today.
8. She enjoyed playing tennis with her friend yesterday afternoon.
9. Did Margaret bake a cake yesterday?
  - Yes, she did.
10. Did you take a shower this morning?
  - No, I didn't.

## Speaking: 57

1. The woman ~~named~~ **whose name was**  Nancy Brown came here today.
2. Why did he paint this picture?
3. Bob must know her phone number.
4. The cat is called Tama.
5. It will be cloudy in Paris **tomorrow**.
6. The news will surprise them.
7. The teacher took the students to the museum.
8. The vegetables sold here are fresh.
9. Did you watch the program again?
  - Yes, I did.
10. When he told us **about** the plan, it sounded ~~like~~ impossible.

## Speaking: 58

1. What ~~did~~ **does** Tom have ~~with~~ **in** his hand?
2. How did they go there?
3. She read the novel last month.
4. They heard someone cry.
5. Was Bob jogging at that time?
  - Yes, he was.
6. Is that girl his cousin?
  - No, she isn't.
7. When I was a student, I studied hard.
8. She got married **to** a man whose father ran a big hotel.
9. He jogs every day to ~~reduce~~ **lose** ~~his~~ weight.
10. Is it necessary for them to run every day?

## Speaking: 59

1. Is this magazine more popular than that one?
  - Yes, it is.
2. The ground was covered with snow.
3. My father goes to Germany every year.
4. How can I open this box?
5. The woman sang a song for us.
6. There are many good restaurants in this town.
7. He will have to see them again.
8. The boy who is drinking milk is Bob.
9. How expensive this hat is!
10. My wife isn't good at driving a car very much.

## Speaking: 60

1. This is the most difficult subject of all.
2. I have never ~~tell~~ **told** a lie.
3. This ring must be my mother's.
4. He watched TV until his father came home.
5. The city ~~was~~ **is** visited by many foreigners every year.
6. Did you see him swim across the river?
  - Yes, I did.
7. His name is known to young people.
8. I know a boy whose parents live abroad.
9. Did you go to France to see her?
10. I think he ~~thinks~~ **is thinking** about her.
