---
title: "2021-09-06: English"
date: 2021-09-06T15:37:45+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/09/06 Touchstone3 (ALEX)

## Vocabulary

### blast
6. a sudden strong expression of a powerful emotion

### soak
1. if you soak something, or if you let it soak, you keep it covered with a liquid for a period of time, especially in order to make it softer or easier to clean
2. to make something completely wet

### stuck
1. impossible or unable to move from a particular position

### in time
before the time by which it is necessary for something to be done

### generous
1. someone who is generous is willing to give money, spend time etc, in order to help people or give them pleasure

### come up with sth
1. to think of an idea, answer etc

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say
I got vaccinated the last Tuesday.
It was the first dose of vaccine.
It didn't hurt me very much.
It felt just like that I had my arm hit a bit.
I will get the second dose on two weeks later, I'm bit scared of it.
Because I heard that most people who got the second dose had a high fever or a beastly headache.
I've got ready for it with a painkiller though.
If you are prepared, you don't have to worry, do you?

---

# Today
I'm pretty good.
I worked from home today as usual.
There was nothing special today.

The last weekend, I had my car serviced at a car dealership.
There was no problem at my car.
However, the tires are wearing out and
will need to be replaced in the near future.
The price of the tires is expensive, I don't like it.
