+++
title = "2021-02-09: English"
date = 2021-02-09T09:13:14+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2021/02/09 lesson - Phrasal verbs: for and with

### Phrasal verbs (for)

#### go for it
try to get or achieve it

* I will have the chance to change my job next year, so I will go for it.

#### root for
showing support for you in a competition, or hoping that you will succeed

* Congratulation on your promoting, we'll be rooting for you.

#### couldn't ask for
the new babysitter is the best of her kind

* I want to get a job which I couldn't ask for a better job.
    Because I have never been satisfied with my job.

#### live for
believes that the kids are the most important people in her life

* She has been living for her children for years, 
    because her husband died when their children was young.

#### sent for
send someone a message asking them to come to see you

* He got some troubles, so that he sent for his friends to help him.

#### call for
visiting her place in order to collect her

* We are going to go camping in Chiba.
    First, we will drive and call for her on the way to the campsite.

#### stand for
is the first letter of a word or name and is used to represent it

* "jk" stands for "just kidding" in text messages.
* "TGIF" stands for "Thanks God It's Friday".

#### be dying for
be wanting something very much, especially food or drink

* It's too hot today, I'm dying for something to drink.
* I don't really know why, but I'm dying for ice cream.
    Do you have such a moment?

### Phrasal verbs (with)

#### could do with sth/sb
need or want something or someone

* I could do with something to eat, I'm starving.
* I could do without the boring job. 

#### deal with sth
if something deals with a particular subject or idea, it is about that subject or idea

* A book I read recently deals with DNS related with Internet technology.
* The movie deals with poor family who are living under the ground. 

#### stick with it
continue doing something even through it is difficult

* I'll stick with learning English, because I need it for working abroad.
* I will stick with programming even when I get old, because it's fun.

#### go with sth
if one thing goes with another, they suit each other or they look or taste good together

* A black tea goes really well with a shortbread. I like it.
* A beef goes with wasabi and soy sauce. Wasabi takes away the greasiness of the meat.

#### put up with sb/sth
accept unpleasnt behavior or an unpleasant situation, even though you do not like it

* I can't put up with his rude behavior, I don't work with him.
* I put up with my uncle's rude saying, even though I hate it.

#### catch up with sb
meet someone you know, after not seeing them for a period of time

* I wish to catch up with Natsu-chan next year. I would have seen her last year if this pandemic didn't happen.
* I have not been catching up with any friends for a while because of this pandemic.

- - -

## Phrasal verbs Part 1

### 086: the woman **comes up**

- I care about a person coming up to me in order to keep social distance.

### 087: something has **come up**

- Since something has come up, I left the meeting before it's over.

### 088: ideas **come up**

- We have to hold another meeting because nothing comes up at this meeting.

### 089: **come up** with ideas

- I can't come up with any good ideas, so I am in a maze.

### 090: **come with** a gurantee.

- If you attend the program, the product comes with extra guarantee.


- - -

## News: World's smallest reptile discovered in Madagascar - 9th February, 2021

### Vocabulary

* reptile
    - a type of animal, such as a snake or lizard, whose body temperature changes according to the temperature around it, and that usually lays eggs to have babies
* deforestation
    - the cutting or burning down of all the trees in an area
* habitat
    - the natural home of a plant or animal
* subject
    - the things you are talking about or considering in a conversation, discussion, book, film, etc.

### Discussion
* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - I thought how they found the smallest reptile.
    - Because the smallest reptile's body is only 13.5mm.
    - If I were them, I couldn't have found the animal.
* b) What do you think about reptiles?
    - They are cute, I think.
    - In addition, I wonder what they eat for living.
    - They can't catch any flies because they are too small, I think.
* c) What do you know about chameleons?
    - I know they can change color of their own body to hide from their enemies.
    - Moreover, they catch insects with their tongue which is long and sticky.
    - They can move very slowly so as not to be noticed by the insects which they are trying to catch.
* d) How can we reverse the effects of deforestation?
    - We should buy the land of forest in order to protect from deforestation.
    - In addition, we need to build many houses to live and develop new measures to produce more food.
    - Because people who live there just want to live and just make their family more happy, 
        so that they cut down trees in order to make cultivated land and housing land. 
    - What we can do is to hand enough money to them for filling their satisfaction.
* e) What do you think of animals becoming endangered?
    - We must rescue animal becoming endangered in order to rescue ourselves.  
    - Because those animals or insects may have something to produce new medicines.
    - We tend to face new disease or virus recently.
    - We are trying to deal with those difficulties by creating medicines or vaccines.
    - Those medicines and vaccines usually are made from study of animals, insects or plants.
    - Therefore, we need to save the animals for ourselves.
* f) How would you feel if rainforest disappeared?
    - I feel sad and disappointed with our no wisdom.
    - We are focusing on now, but we need to focus on also future.
* g) How can we stop animals from dying out?
    - We can't stop animals from dying out provided that we live on the Earth.
    - Because we want to be more happy and wealthy, so we burn many forests and, foul the water and land.
    - That is to say, no one stop us to kill ourselves.
    - Therefore, we need to migrate to the Moon and the Mars to protect the Earth.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the scientists?
    - I would like to ask the scientists what features of nature the Madagascar has.
    - Because the Madagascar has many species originated there.
    - I want to know the reason and I'd like to go there.
