---
title: "2021-06-02: English"
date: 2021-06-03T13:23:31+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/06/02 Lesson - Elective Listening

[The Good Side of Bad Dreams: "The Science of Us" Episode 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFkzWnxK05s)

The science of us sleep Institute presents "the good side of bad dreams".

Do you find yourself tossing and turning at night plagued by weird nightmares about stuff that's been worrying you.
You know, like a dream where you catch a disease that's been in the news or where your boss is literally eating you alive.
Don't worry those terrible visions are actually helping your mental health.

Research shows that the things that concern us most while we're awake continue to mess with us when we sleep.
Your unconscious brain takes your abstract fears and turns them into stories in the form of nightmares.
When you experience a nightmare, you wake up and remember it like something that really happened to you, even if it was totally unrealistic.
In other words, nightmares are sort of like factories that turn your fears into memories.

Here's where things get interesting.
Memories are easier for the human mind to deal with than vague anxieties about the world around us.
A memory might make you feel bad, but your brain thinks of it as something in the past and therefore something you don't need to panic about in the present.

That's right, nightmares actually help distance you from your fears and don't let dread of bad dreams keep you from going to sleep.
Because that can land you in real trouble.
Researchers have found that sleep deprivation correlates strongly to the development of mental disorders.
You need bad dreams to help you process all the bad stuff in the world around you.
So, let's all take a moment to thank our evil nighttime visions.
Without them, waking life would be the real nightmare.

## Summary

Bad dreams help your mental health.
According to a research, nightmare turn your fears into memories.
Your brain deals with memories as the past and considers them as harmless for you in the present.
That is to say, nightmares help distance you from your fears.
You need bad dreams to help you process all the bad stuff in the world around you.

## What kind of dreams would you like to watch?

I would like to watch no dreams.
Because no dreams means that I spend life very comfortably and relaxed, I think.
Nightmares mean that I feel fear in real.
I would like to be optimistic, easy-going, and laid-back in my life.
Furthermore, I want to be wake up feeling good without nightmares every morning.

## Vocabulary

**TODO**

### Toss
1. to throw something, especially something light, with a quick gentle movement of your hand
2. to move about continuously in a violent or uncontrolled way, or to make something do this

### Plague
1. to cause pain, suffering, or trouble to someone, especially for a long period of time

### Vague
1. unclear because someone does not give enough detailed information or does not say exactly what they mean

### Dread
* verb: to feel anxious or worried about something that is going to happen or may happen
* noun: a strong fear of something that is going to happen or may happen

### Deprivation
the lack of something that you need in order to be healthy, comfortable, or happy

### Correlate
if two or more facts, ideas etc correlate or if you correlate them, they are closely connected to each other or one causes the other

### Panic
1. a sudden strong feeling or fear or nervousness that makes you unable to think clearly or behave sensibly

## Notes
1. Organize words related with the topic when I write down during listening to a speech
2. Don't hesitate to answer with my opinion and thoughts.
3. Apply OREO using keyword in question when I deliver my opinion.
4. Support my answer, elaborate my thought.
5. Use fillers when I organize my thoughts, such as ..
  - Let me think
  - Let me organize my thoughts
  - Could you give me a minute?

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say

**TODO**
a lot of things....
