---
title: "2021-11-03: English"
date: 2021-11-03T15:43:41+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/11/03 Conversation (KAT)
I learned modifying comparison.

## Homework
Living in the City vs. Living in the Countryside.

I'd like to live in the countryside definitely.
Living in the countryside is much more interesting and comfortable than living in the city.
Living in the countryside is not as busy as the city.
Trains and Roads are totally not as crowded as in the city.
You can see great nature in the countryside different from in the city.
You can swim in the clear river and hike at the beautiful mountain, it's completely different from in the city.

On the other hand, commodity prices in the countryside are similar to the city.
Rather than, the prices are slightly higher than the city's one by the physical distribution cost.
What's more, wages are much less than in the city.
However, you can live in a quite bigger house in the countryside than the city.

Anyway, even if this pandemic remain calm down in the near future, we will not live like the same as before the pandemic.
I may be able to choose to work for an international company from the countryside.
Therefore, I will study English harder than so far.

## Comparing
* adj + **er** + than
* more/less + adj + than
* as ... as, not as ... as
* different from
* similar to
* the same as

## Showing big differences
* much, so much, a lot, even, far + comparative adjectives
* nowhere near with as ... as
* very, really, completely, totally + different from

## Showing small differences
* slightly, a little, a bit, a little bit, not much + comparative adjectives
* almost, nearly, not quite, roughly, more or less + as ... as
* very, really + similar to

## Showing there is no difference
* the same as, just as ... as

## Vocabulary
### plummet
1. to suddenly and quickly decrease in value or amount
2. to fall suddenly and quickly from a very high place

### demanding
1. needing a lot of ability, effort, or skill
2. expecting a lot of attention or expecting to have things exactly the way you want them, especially in a way that is not fair

---

# Today
Today is the national holiday in Japan, it's called Culture Day.
The day was established for loving freedom and peace, and improving culture.

I'm relaxed today.
I slept until noon and had brunch, and then cleaned bicycles and went surfing.
However, I feel that it's bit wasteful when I sleep until noon.
I could have done anything else, I think.
That being said, I feel nice when I get enough sleep, though.

It means that I love freedom and peace by sleeping until noon.
Moreover, I help the surfing culture improve.
After all, it's excellent today.

By the way, I'd like the government to set the national holiday every Wednesday.

A little while ago, there was fireworks near the beach without any announce.
I could catch the sound of it fortunately and watch it from my room.
Fireworks festivals have not been held since this pandemic.
They don't announce about their fireworks to avoid a large crowd to see it.
