---
title: "2021-09-02: English"
date: 2021-09-02T15:19:33+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/09/02 Prefixes (YVEE)

I learned a variety of prefixes and how to use them.

## Notes
1. Practice more utilizing prefixes.
2. Be more confident during making speech.
3. Be mindful using about "with" and "because".

## Prefixes

| Prefix | Meaning | Example |
|---|---|---|
| Anti- | Against   | Antisocial |
| De-   | Opposite  | Demotivated |
| Un-   | Not, reverse action, deprive of | Unhappy, unable or unfair |
| Mis-  | Wrongly   | Misunderstand, mistake |
| Dis-  | Not, opposite of  | Disagree, disconnect |
| Im-   | Not, opposite of  | Impolite, impossible  |
| Mid-  | Middle    | Midday |
| Over- | Over      | Overenthusiastic |
| Pre-  | Before    | Prehistoric |
| Re-   | Again     | Rewrite |
| Super- | Above, beyond | Superhuman |
| Under- | Under    | Underestimate |

### Negative Prefixes
| Prefix | Place | Example |
|---|---|---|
| un- | before words that start with a vowel or consonant | Unnecessary |
| il- | before words that start with i | illegal |
| im- | before words that start with m or p | impossible |
| ir- | before words that start with r | irregular |
| in- | with words that start with consonants and vowels, but not i or u | independent |

### Other Prefixes
| Prefix | Meaning | Example |
|---|---|---|
| Post- | After | the Post-1945 period |

## Vocabulary

### affix
to fasten or stick something to something else

### honorific
an expression or title that is used to show respect for the person you are speaking to

### notably
2. in a way that is clearly different, important, or unusual

### immersive
making you feel you are really taking part in the events you are seeing on a screen or hearing about, or are really in a virtual environment

### piss sb off
to annoy someone very much

### euphemistic
euphemistic language uses polite words and expressions to avoid shocking or upsetting people

### deprive sb of sth
to prevent someone from having something, especially something that they need or should have

### immature
1. someone who is immature behaves or thinks in a way that is typical of someone much younger - used to show disapproval

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say about Afghanistan

The United States quit fighting in Afghanistan at last.
The fight for Anti-terrorism began on September 11th in 2011 and the post-9.11 period ended now.
I'm afraid that the rebirth of militarism and terrorism in Afghanistan and its threats spread out all around the world.
It's not over-thinking, I think.
Now, the United States isn't a super-state that effects around the world.
The United States has recognized until recently that it was impossible for China to become a second super-power.
However, it seems to me that the United States recognize that now.
The United States doesn't under-estimate Chinese power at all.
The President will re-align the U.S. Force structure in East Asia to prevent China's ambitions from becoming a reality.
I'm worried about the third world war as well as terrorism.

---

# Today
I worked from home today as usual.
It's raining today and relatively cool and comfortable.

This Tuesday, I took a day off to get vaccinated.
Our family doctor called to my wife that they have one vaccine that we can get. So, we decided that I got vaccinated.
Because I may have to go out for work hereafter,
and the possibility of getting infected is higher than my wife.

My arm hurt a little, like getting a hit on the arm until yesterday.
It's already gone now, though.
Other than that, I haven't had any side-reaction.
