---
title: "2021-10-09: English"
date: 2021-10-09T18:42:25+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/10/09 Conversation (KAT)

## Order of Adjectives

1. Determiner
  - a/an, this, my, many
2. Opinion
  - lovely, useful, cute, difficult, comfortable
3. Size
  - big, little, tall, short
4. Shape/Weight/Length
  - irregular, bumpy, long, heavy
5. Age
  - old, new, young,
6. Color
  - red, green, yellow
7. Origin
  - English, Japanese
8. Materials
  - cotton, metal, plastic, wood
9. Purpose
  - campus activities, rocking chair, business suit
10. Main/Head Noun that the adjectives are describing
  - activities, chair, suit

## Rules
1. use and when there are two or more adjectives that are from the same group
  - The house is green and white.
2. place comma when there are three or more adjectives from the same group
  - We live in the big green, white and red house.
3. A comma is not placed between an adjective and a noun

## Vocabulary and the example
As I didn't live near a beach that fits for surfing, I had never surf.
If I had lived near there when I was adolescent, I would have been keen to surf absolutely.
Now I find surfing exciting and remarkable, and I will surf throughout my life.
I'm fascinated by surfing.

One period, I quit to surf.
Because I had injury on my hip joint.
Another surfer's long surfboard hit me when I rode a beautiful, big, and smooth wave.
The surfer was swallowed the wave, and then his long surfboard sank under it and suddenly jumped up over the sea surface toward me.
It happened suddenly and so fast that I couldn't dodge it.
It took a painful long time for me to heal it.

I'm recovered completely now, so I go surfing as possible as I can.
Although I'm not good at surfing very much and it takes time to enhance surfing skill, I enjoy it.
That's good enough for me.

### adolescent
a young person, usually between the ages of 12 and 18, who is developing into an adult

### enhance
to improve something

### industrious
someone who is industrious works hard

### remarkable
unusual or surprising and therefore deserving attention or praise

### gravel
small stones, used to make a surface for paths, roads etc

---

# Today
I had my teeth clean up at a dental clinic in the morning.
After that, my wife and I went shopping to buy food and drink.
When we returned to home, we had lunch.
After lunch, we watched a movie, The Boss Baby.
It's so funny, exciting, and heart warming. It's a so nice movie.

The baby was born as a manager for babies.
He looks just a baby, but has adult's mind.
He worked for Baby Corp actually,
he's responsible for making people love babies more.
His competitor is Puppies Corp.
Please watch it.
You must have lots of fun for it.

Finally, I went surfing.
There was small waves, but I could enjoy.
