---
title: "2021-10-24: English"
date: 2021-10-24T19:44:18+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/10/24 Conversation (KAT)
I learned how to say it better in English.

## Rule.1: Larger and less common words

## Rule.2: Avoid phrasal verbs

## Vocabulary and the example
The number of COVID-19 infections soared imminently two months ago, subsequently it reduced rapidly this month.
Although researchers have been examining the reason, it haven't been found out yet.
Some people doubt that the government omit some of the number of patients, however doctors oppose the idea.
They guess that vaccination and the state of emergency worked.

Anyway, today the government lifted restrictions on the serving of alcoholic beverages in restaurants.
It might be marvelous for some people, customers and owners of restaurants, because they have suffered and endured for a long time.
Moreover, they might be tired and bored with absorbing COVID-19 information on newspapers and TV programs.

I hope that two months ago's surge is the culmination of this pandemic.

### absorb
2. Information: to read or hear a large amount of new information and understand it

### soar, OPP: plummet
1. to increase quickly to a high level

### examine
1. to look at something carefully and thoroughly because you want to find out more about it

### marvelous, SYN: wonderful
extremely good, enjoyable, impressive, etc.

### imminent
an event that is imminent, especially an unpleasant one, will happen very soon

### subsequently, OPP: previously
after an event in the past

### omit, SYN: leave out
1. to not include someone or something, either deliberately or because you forget to do it

### oppose
1. to disagree with something such as a plan or idea and try to prevent it from happening or succeeding

---

# Today
I was relaxed this weekend.
My wife and I took a walk and watched movies.
I didn't go surfing this weekend due to small waves to surf.
I could refresh myself.

Today, unlike usual, I had an English class after dinner.
By the way, I had a salad, grilled fish and pork for dinner.
It was so delicious dinner as usual.
