---
title: "2021-10-26: English"
date: 2021-10-26T17:37:29+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/10/26 Multimedia Listening (BEA)

[The Temple of Living Color](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMCVF4DzyvI)

## Vocabulary

### dinosaur
1. one of group of reptiles that lived millions of years ago

### dedicated
2. made for or used for only one particular purpose

### pilgrimage
1. a journey to a holy place for religious reasons

### devotee
2. a very religious person

### beacon
1. a light that is put somewhere to warn or guide people, ships, vehicles, or aircraft

### adorn
to decorate something

## The most impressive temples I've ever visited
I have two buildings that I've ever visited and were impressive.
One of them is Byodo-In that is a Buddhist temple in the city of Uji in Kyoto Prefecture, Japan, built one thousand years ago.
Byodo-In has several buldings, but Phoenix Hall is the most famous because it was selected for the design as the obverse of the Japanese 10 yen coin.
You can feel a solemn atmosphere and its history when you visit there.
Another one is Nikko Tosho-gu that is a Shinto shrine located in Nikko, Tochigi Prefecture, Japan, built four hundred years ago.
It is dedicated to Tokugawa Ieyasu, the founder of the Tokugawa shogunate.
The buildings were adorned with Japanese lacquer and colorful paint by great craftsmen from all over japan.
Both of them are designated as National Treasures of Japan.
You should visit there when you come to Japan.

---

# Today
I worked from home as usual.
But I went surfing for a short while, just thirty minutes, during working time to refresh my head.
I'm pretty busy and there were not enough waves to surf these days, so I enjoyed surfing very much today.

The last weekend, I was totally relaxed.
I went to shopping and took a walk with my wife to the nearest beach and shrine.

By the way, it's almost Halloween.
Do you have any plans to do anything for Halloween?
I have no plan, though.
