---
title: "2021-04-28: English"
date: 2021-04-28T17:56:44+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/04/28 lesson - Conversation: Traveling

## Vocabulary

### souvenir
an object that you buy or keep to remind yourself of a special occasion or a place you have visited

### pristine
1. extremely fresh or clean
2. something that is pristine is in the same condition as when it was first made
3. not spoiled or damage in any way

### breathtaking
very impressive, exciting, or surprising

### landscape
1. an area of countryside or land of a particular type, used especially when taking about its appearance
2. a picture showing an area of country or land

### lame
1. unable to walk properly because your leg or foot is injured or week
2. a lame excuse or explanation is weak and difficult to believe
3. boring or not very good (SYN: poor)

### out of touch
1. to not have the latest knowledge about a subject, situation, or the way people feel be out of touch with
2. to not know much about modern life

### recital
1. a performance of music or poetry, usually given by one performer
2. a spoken description of a series of events

## What I couldn't say but I wanted
My wife and I went to England, Scotland, Canada and America for our honeymoon.

First, we flied to England. We visited several tourist sites, for example, Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square, British Museum, and so on.
We bought a lot of souvenirs for my family and relatives who cerebrated our marriage. And we sent them to Japan by air-mail.

I was out of touch with England at that time, so I was surprised with a climate protest which Greta Thunberg led in London. They blocked a road with a yacht and there were many police officers. Anyway, there was no lame things in England.
And then, we moved to Scotland by trains and stayed at Edinburgh. The landscape from Edinburgh castle was breathtaking, because we have pristine scenery of Old Town and very organized city of New Town.

I really enjoyed England and Scotland.
When I visit U.K. next time, we want to watch musicals or recitals in West End theatre, not only tourist sites.
Because I want to know art and culture of U.K.


- - -

# Today

I worked from home as usual.
Last weekend, I went to surfing, shopping and a dental clinic to have my teeth clean.
I go to see a dentist every three months.
