---
title: "2021-09-14: English"
date: 2021-09-14T13:37:25+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/09/14 Touchstone3 (ALEX)

## Notes
* sit, sat, sut
* wake, woke, woken

## What I couldn't say
I've been to the United Kingdom before.
My wife and I went there for my honeymoon two years ago.
We enjoyed a lot the trip. However, we had some troubles.
One of them was a demonstration for climate changes which Ms. Greta.
When we arrive at London, they were demonstrating unfortunately.
We were little bit scared, because many demonstrators sat down on the middle of the road and called something loudly, and they were surrounded with lots of police officers. Some of demonstrators were arrested.
I heard later that they were demonstrating peacefully,
but at that time we didn't think so.
Because a big cruiser was on the middle of the road and
there were many police officers with a gun.

The second one was that I left my bag behind on a bus and a taxi.
Because I had a lot of things to think about, like confirming the air-bnb where we were going to stay, checking up the place with a map, the restaurant where we were going to go and so on.
Fortunately, my bag was back to me because of so kind people who helped us.
You don't have to have any troubles on the trip, but even if you have troubles, you can enjoy and feel happy with other's kindness, like us.

Anyway, the trip was amazing and fantastic.

---

# Today

It's cloudy today, and comfortable temperature.
I'm working from home as usual.
Now, I'm taking a little break for learning English, though.
