---
title: "2021-04-09: English"
date: 2021-04-09T17:48:23+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/04/09 Lesson

## 1. a big fish in a little/small pond
someone who is important in or who has influence over a very small area

He is a big fish in that community, but he isn't known to everyone in another community. No one is a big fish everywhere, I think.

## 2. cold fish
an unfriendly person who seems to have no strong feelings

I might be a bit cold fish, because I'm introverted and a bit shy.
However if you know me a bit more, you can find me not a cold fish.

## 3. (be/feel) like a fish out of water
to feel uncomfortable because you feel you do not belong in a place or situation

I felt like a fish out of water in this department when I moved. I still feel like that now.

## 4. have other/bigger fish to fry
to have other things to do, especially more important things

I'm sorry that I can't take time to help you now. I have other fish to fry. It's important for me and my family. I have bigger fish to fry.

## An example using these idioms

When I entered in the university, I felt like a fish out of water. Because our classmates were too extroverted or geeks, I thought. Moreover they might found me a cold fish. Because I'm introverted. Therefore I didn't make any friends at first. However, after a while I made some friends and could enjoy at the university.

Then, I had bigger fish to fry except study there. It was boxing. I was into it. I could not be a big fish at all, but I had a lot of fun about it. It was a good memory for me.

- - -

# Today

I'm a bit tired.
Because I was a bit busy last week and this week.
Because I had some tasks that needed to be completed by the end of this week.
I finished it successfully.
Moreover, I was preparing for Amazon certified exam last week.
I went for having the exam last Saturday and I passed it.
