---
title: "2021-09-22: English"
date: 2021-09-22T19:44:17+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/09/22 Discourse Markers (KAT)

## Notes
1. Remind the rules of singular and plural forms of nouns
2. Use me included/including me, not "me, too".
3. Organize thoughts more faster and respond more quick
4. Practice how to finish the conversation

## the Discourse markers

### so
marks the beginning of a new part of the conversation

### well
marks a change in the focus

### right
marks a response

### anyway
marks a shift in the topic

### by the way / incidentally
used to change the subject, to say something that you have just thought about and that doesn't have to be connected to what was being said before.

### actually/in fact/as a matter of fact
used to introduce information that might be in some way surprising or unexpected

### anyway / in any case
used to give a more important reason for something

### as I was saying
used to return to an earlier subject in the conversation after an interruption or digression.

### after all
used to introduce an additional point that supports or explains what you have just said.

used to say that something is true despite what is believed or said.

### on the whole
generally

### what's more
we use what's more to add something interesting to what we have just said.
It's similar to furthermore but more informal.

### in other words
used to say what has been said in simpler words.

## The example using discourse markers
Tomorrow is Autumnal Equinox Day which is one of the national holidays in Japan.
I actually haven't known the reason that the day is the national holiday so far.
Anyway, Autumn Equinox Day is the middle day of the equinoctial week called Higan in Japanese.
Higan is the Buddhist word and it means that the other side of the river, which flows between this world and the other world.
Buddhist believe that the spirits of ancestors come to see their families and descendants during Higan.
Many Japanese used to return to their hometown during Higan and go to the graves of their ancestors.
However, most Japanese don't do that nowadays on the whole, I think.
I haven't gone back to my hometown during Higan.
What's more, I don't know anyone of my friends who return to their hometown during Higan.

By the way, I will be able to return to my hometown for New Year's holidays.
Because I've already got the vaccines twice as well as my parents.
Of course, I will have both of an antibody test and a PCR test before that.
Fortunately, I haven't got any severe side-reactions from the vaccines so far, besides my arm hurts a bit.
Before getting vaccines, I worried the side-reaction a little.
After all, it was unnecessary anxiety.

Anyway, tomorrow is the national holiday, so I will not have to work.
As I was saying, Japanese used to pray for ancestor's soul to rest in peace during Higan.
So, I will do that and pray for happiness of my family and friends.
What's more, I wish this pandemic will end as soon as possible.
