---
title: "2021-05-24: English"
date: 2021-05-24T18:54:37+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/05/24 Lesson - Touchstone.3

## Notes
1. Practice more pronunciation; I mistook some words with pronunciation
2. Use more various words, phrases, or idioms which express opinions.

## Vocabulary

I don't think I've ever been impeccable.
Probably, the reason why I think so is from traditional Japanese education.
The humility is a virtue in Japan.
I've been raised being told not to be arrogant and to be humble.
I guess, many Japanese were like me.
However, many Japanese began to realize it's not good, too bad recently.
Such education can't make children think that they are amazing.
It prevents children from challenging themselves freely, as well as adults.
Therefore, I will fix me at first.
I will not be hesitate to try anything and I will not blame me even I can't do anything.

### impeccable
without any faults and impossible to criticize

### humble
1. not considering yourself or your ideas to be as important as other people's
2. having a low social class or position

- - -

Good afternoon, Ms. JJ.
How are you.
(Fine, how are you doing?)
Good, good. I'm doing good, too.

Anyway, I'd like to introduce myself.
I'm Naoki Morita.
I work for Panasonic Corporation as a software engineer.
I'm responsible for developing software about automotive network.
I began to learn English at MeRISe one and a half years ago.

Because I went on a trip to UK, Canada and USA, it was a wonderful trip,
however, I feel I could have enjoy it more if I could speak English well.
My goals for learning English have three.
Firstly, I want to enjoy trip to foreign countries, I can't go anywhere now due to pandemic, though.
Secondly, I want to work for international company using English, or work abroad.
Lastly, I need to catch up with new technology so that I need to read technical documents and books,
and to attend to conferences or have online class.

I'd like to enjoy English class to improve my English.

How about you?

Nice to meet you, Ms. JJ.
