---
title: "2021-02-02: English"
date: 2021-02-02T19:13:47+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Review 2021/02/02 Lesson - Phrasal verbs in use - Around and About

### Phrasal verbs and the examples - Spending time
#### wait about/around
to stay in the same place and do nothing while you are waiting for something to happen, someone to arrive etc

* I waited around in the front of the theater because I arrived there early than I expected.

#### laze about/around
relax and enjoy yourself by doing very little

* When I laze about all day, I regret very much after that.

#### sit about/around
to spend a lot of time sitting and doing nothing very useful

* The sofa is so comfort that I tend to sit around on it all day.

#### hang about/around (something)
to spend time somewhere without any real purpose

* When I was a student, my friends and I used to hang about after school.

#### mess about/around
to spend time lazily, doing things slowly and in a way that is not planned

* I spent the last vacation messing around in my house due to the pandemic.

#### mess sb about/around
to cause a lot of problems for someone, especially by changing your mind often and not being completely honest

* He is goofing off on his job and messing us around on the project,

#### lie about/around
if you lie around, you spend time lying down and not doing anything

* I like lying around on the beach and watching waves all day.

### Phrasal verbs and the examples - Being in a place

#### mill about/around
if a lot of people mill around, they move around a place in different directions without any particular purpose

* There are a lot of young people milling around in the street of Shibuya on the Halloween.
* Since a lot of people mill around in the city, I don't like to go to cities.

#### stand about/around
to stand somewhere and not do anything

* Since she heard of her husband death, she stood around for a while.
* When I heard the terrible news, I stood around for a while.

#### stick about/around
to stay in a place a little longer, waiting for something to happen

* We stuck around and watched the last fireworks at the festival.
* I stuck around and watched the clockwork dance of local dolls.

#### take somebody about/around
to show someone the premises; to introduce someone to the people on the premises.

* My boss took me around the office when I joined the development team.
* I took incoming employee around our office, when he joined our team.

#### show somebody about/around
to go with someone to all parts, or the main parts, of a place that they have not visited before, so that they can see what it is like or learn about it

* The guide showed us about the castle, it was very interesting.
* Our friend showed my wife and me about NewCastle upon Tyne where she lives, when we visited her..

- - -

## News:A full moon could give you a bad night's sleep - 1st February, 2021

https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2102/210201-full-moon-m.pdf

### Vocabulary

* nocturnal
  - an animal that is nocturnal is active at night
* pollution
  - the process of making air, water, soil etc dangerously dirty and not suitable for people to use, or the stat of being dangerously dirty

### Discussion

* a) What are your sleeping patterns like?
  - My sleeping patterns are not regularly.
  - Because I sometimes can't fall sleep on the bed.
  - Nonetheless, I have to get up at same time in the morning to work.
  - Therefore, I want to sleep at same patterns.
* b) What do you do if you have trouble sleeping?
  - I use sleep supplements when I have trouble sleeping.
  - Lately I realized there are many kinds of sleep supplements.
  - For example, tablets, powder, and sheets.
  - There are various types of sleep supplements.
  - So, I sometimes use them when I can't fall sleep well.
* c) How interested are you in the Moon?
  - I'm not much interested in the Moon.
  - However, I like looking up at the Moon, sitting around on the beach.
* d) What effect does the Moon have on us?
  - The Moon has strong effect on us about many things.
  - Because the Moon has gravity and it is nearer the Earth rather than other planets.
  - For example, the Moon pulls up the sea surface and creates waves.
  - Since I like surfing, I care about a tide table which the Moon effects.
* e) How much do you like sleep?
  - I like sleeping very much.
  - I feel happy at the moment when I lie on the bed and fall sleep.
  - I think a bed and a pillow is important to feel happy.
  - So, I bought a mattress and a pillow which are made from Australia.
  - The mattress is so comfort that I will recommend it to you.
* f) What conditions do you need to sleep well?
  - I need comfort, silent and carefree conditions to sleep well.
  - Because you can't sleep well, provided that you worried about what you think it's important.
  - For example, you don't have money or friends, or you are anxiety about your future.
  - Therefore, you ought to go to see a counselor when you can't get rid of your anxious.
* g) What are you like if you have a bad night's sleep?
  - I can't focus on my work at all with a bad night's sleep.  
  - I heard that you become a kind of drunk if you have a bad night's sleep.
  - I mean you can't think anything carefully like you are drunken.
  - Therefore, I hate a bad night's sleep.
  - I feel it messes around my life.
* h) Can you sleep any time and anywhere?
  - No, I can't.
  - I could do that when I was a child.
  - However, now I can't sleep well without a comfort bed and pillow.
