+++
title =  "2021-01-05: English"
date = 2021-01-05T10:00:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2021/01/05 lesson: Idioms 08

### Idioms

#### stand a chance / have a ghost of chance
to be possible, to have the possibility of achieving

- Japan doesn't have a ghost of a chance of holding the Olympic games next year, I guess.
- I'll stand a better chance of getting a better job with technical certifications.

#### chances are (that)

- Chances are that we will be able to get through this tough pandemic by maintaining self-control.

#### be iffy

- It's iffy whether I will be able to travel abroad in two years.

#### put all one's eggs in one basket
to place all one's faith or money in one action or situation,  
to depend completely on one thing or one course of action in order to get success, so that you have no other plans if this fails

- I don't want to pull all my eggs in one basket because it will drive me crazy, instead of that I want to make several options.
- I shouldn't have put all my eggs on one basket, however I had done that, so I'm afraid that I would lose my much money.

#### irons in the fire
many activities or options at one time,  
to be involved in several different activities or have several plans all happening at the same time.

- He sometimes tries to do what he wants to do at the same time.
- He tries to get many irons in the fire, however those almost fail.
- You ought not to have several irons in the fire, you should focus on one thing, or you will fail.

#### pass up
to choose to miss an opportunity, to forego,  
to not make use of a chance to do something

- The prime minister could have raised his approval rating, but he passed it up because of his failure to respond to this pandemic.
- You should not pass up the chance to get a promotion.

#### pipe dream
an impossible hope or expectation,  
a hope, idea, plan, etc that is impossible or will probably never happen 

- You ought to give up to become super rich by winning lottery, it's just a pipe dream. 

#### long shot
an unlikely occurrence, something that has little chance of happening,  
someone or something with very little chance of success

* I often buy lottery tickets, I know it's just a long shot though.

#### miss the boat

#### miss out (on)

- - -


## Phrasal verbs: Part 1

### 021: **bring down** the price

- I'm not good at bring down the price because I'm introverted.

### 022: **bring down** the government

- All American media tried to bring down the government of Trump and they did it.

### 023: **bring in** a few million yen

- I want to bring in a few million yen through FX trading, but it's difficult for me.

### 024: **bring in** experts

- My company sometimes invite bring in experts of finance to train employees.

### 025: **bring in** new measures

- The government brought in new measures against virus, but it's too late I think. 

### 026: **bring** a new album **out**

- I don't go to a record store to buy a new album even if my favourite artist bring it out.
- Because I can buy it on Amazon.

### 027: **bring out** the best

- He needs somebody to bring out the best in him.

### 028: **bring up** children

- My mother brought up my brother and me, I appreciate that.

### 029: **be brought up** in Tokyo

- I was brought up in Ise-city, Mie-prefecture, Japan.

### 030: **bring up** another topic

- She often brings up another topic during discussion with us.

- - -

## Speaking 25

### Try.1

1. Do you know ~~someone speaks~~ **somebody who can speak** English and Chinese?
2. She hasn't seen Tom since then.
3. I want to see you as ~~early~~ **soon** as possible.
4. When did Mr.Brown stop smoking?
5. Does she have ~~something~~ **anything** to do tonight?
6. He watches the TV program every week.
7. ~~She~~ **My mother** made me read the book.
8. Who woke up the baby?
9. How many roses did he buy there?
10. He went for a drink with his friends **last night**.

### Try.2

1. My mother made me read the book.
2. Does she have anything to do tonight?
3. Who woke the baby?
4. When did Mr.Brown stop smoking?
5. How many roses did he buy there?
6. I want to see you as soon as possible.
7. He watches the TV program every week.
8. She hasn't seen Tom since then.
9. He went for a drink with his friends last night.
10. Do you know anybody who can speak English and Chinese?

## Speaking 26

### Try.1

1. Do you eat spaghetti every day?
  - Yes, I do.
2. The cat which is sleeping on the sofa is Tama.
3. The woman can speak twenty languages.
4. She went back to England for ~~the~~ Christmas.
5. What he said may be true.
6. Peter is the tallest student in this school.
7. Do you want me to read this article?
  - Yes, I do.
8. She is as beautiful as ~~roses~~ **a rose**.
9. When did he go to India?
10. I think she is older than Tom.

### Try.2

1. Do you want me to read this article?
  - Yes, I do.
2. I think she is older than Tom.
3. That woman can speak twenty languages.
4. She went back to England for Christmas.
5. Do you eat spaghetti every day?
  - Yes, I do.
6. Peter is the tallest student in this school.
7. She is as beautiful as a rose.
8. The cat which is sleeping on the sofa is Tama.
9. What he said may be true.
10. When did he go to India?
