---
title: "2021-09-26: English"
date: 2021-09-26T16:40:59+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/09/26 Multimedia Listening

[What squatter cities can teach us](https://www.ted.com/talks/stewart_brand_what_squatter_cities_can_teach_us?language=en)

Basically, there's a major demographic event going on.
And it may be that passing the 50 percent urban point is an economic tipping point.
So the world now is a map of connectivity.

It used to be that Paris and London and New York were the largest cities.
What we have now is the end of the rise of the West.
That's over.
The aggregate numbers are overwhelming.
So what's really going on?
Well, villages of the world are emptying out.

The question is, why?

* Life in the country
  - dull
  - backbreaking
  - impoverished
  - restricted
  - exposed
  - dangerous
  - static

And here's the unromantic truth -- and the city air makes you free,
they said in Renaissance Germany.

* Life in the city
  - exciting
  - less grueling
  - better paid
  - free
  - private
  - safe
  - upwardly mobile

So some people go to places like Shanghai but most go to the squatter cities where aesthetics rule.
And these are not really a people oppressed by poverty.
They're people getting out of poverty as fast as they can.
They're the dominant builders and to a large extent, the dominant designers.
They have home-brewed infrastructure and vibrant urban life.

One-sixth of the GDP in India is coming out of Mumbai.
They are constantly upgrading, and in a few cases, the government helps.
Education is the main event that can happen in cities.
What's going on in the street in Mumbai?
Al Gore knows. It's basically everything.
There's no unemployment in squatter cities.
Everyone works.
One-sixth of humanity is there.
It's soon going to be more than that.

So here's the first punch line: cities have defused the population bomb.

* Cities are population sinks
  - The birthrate of new urban dwellers drops immediately to replacement level, and keeps on dropping.
  - World population will level off at 8 or 9 billion, and the drop rapidly.

And here's the second punch line.

* Cities are wealth creators
  - Always have been
  - In the newly burgeoning cities, billions are climbing out of poverty
  - The urbanizing world is a place of massive transformation and surprising hope

That's the news from downtown.
Here it is in perspective.
Stars have shined down on earth's life for billions of years.
Now we're shining right back up.

Thank you.

## Summary
People is gathering in cities from countries.
That's because they want to be happier.
They become good workers there, so the government helps them.
The number of people who live in urban will increase more and more.
On the other hand, world population will drop according to that.

## Takeaway from the video
I understand that cities can bring wealth to people who live there and cities is gathering people from countries.
That is to say, wealth come from population.
If world population begins to drop, every countries will compete with each other for collecting people who can work.
If the competition became serious, some countries would begin slavery.
It would bring the third world war, maybe.
Probably, I will not live at the time, but I wish peace of the world.

## Notes
1. Utilize the discourse markers to speak naturally
2. Use appropriate words to avoid circling my thoughts

## Vocabulary

### squatter
someone who lives in an empty building or on a piece of land without permission and without paying rent

### demographic
relating to the population and groups of people in it

### tip/tipping
1. the end of something, especially something pointed

### aggregate
1. the total after a lot of different figures or points have been added together

### aesthetic
connected with beauty and the study of beauty

### upwardly mobile
moving up through the social classes and bcoming richer

### dominant
1. more powerful, important, or noticeable than other people or things
2. controlling or trying to control other people or things - used to show disapproval

### vibrant
1. full of activity or energy in a way that is exciting and attractive
2. a vibrant color is bright and strong

### oppressed
1. a group of people who are oppressed are treated unfairly or cruelly and are prevented from having the same rights as other people have
2. someone who is oppressed feels unhappy, worried, or uncomfortable

### abuse
1. to treat someone in a cruel and violent way
3. to say rude or offensive things to someone. SYN: insult

### advocate
to publicly support a particular way of doing something

### defuse
1. to improve a difficult or dangerous situation, for example by making people less angry or by dealing with the causes of a problem

### burgeon
to grow or develop quickly

---

# Today

I'm fine, but I have a little hangover.
Because my wife and I celebrated for my birthday.
Actually, yesterday was not my birthday, it's this Wednesday.
It was like a pre-birthday party.
We had super delicious beef and pork for dinner yesterday.
And I drank wine a lot, more than half of bottle of wine.
It's a good weekend.
