---
title: "2021-12-10: English"
date: 2021-12-10T11:19:01+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/12/10 Conversation (KAT)
I learned Passive Voice.

1. When you think the receiver of the action is more important than the doer of the action, we use it.
2. When you think it is obvious who the doer is, so it does not need to be mentioned.
3. When the doer of the action is unknown or we don't want the doer to be known.
4. When you think the dor is irrelevant.
5. When you are writing for certain genres, such as science reports or for academic journals.

## Vocabulary
### fierce
1. done with a lot of energy and strong feelings, and sometimes violence
2. a fierce person or animal is angry or ready to attack, and looks very frightening

### uproot
1. to pull a plant and its roots out of the ground

### hurl
1. to throw something with a lot of force, especially because you are angry

### cave in
1. if the top or sides of something cave in, they fall down or inwards

### inwards
towards the inside of something

### evacuate
1. to send people away from a dangerous place to a safe place

## The example using passive voice.
Many surfers were attacked and killed by sharks in the world every year.
I'm so scared about that and I will quit surfing if I were attacked at least once.
However, Bethany Hamilton didn't stop.
Her left arm was bitten off by a shark when she was thirteen years old, eighteen years ago.
She already had been a professional surfer at the time.
Despite the terrible incident, she was determined to return to professional surfing in a month after the attack.
Now, she is still a professional surfer and wrote several books about her experience.
By the way, the shark-bitten surfboard that she was riding during the attack, as well as the bathing suit she was wearing at the time, are displayed at the California Surf Museum.

---
# Today
I worked from home today as usual.
Today I had to attend some meetings in this afternoon.
They were too long and lasted from 2 to 5.
I was tired with them.
They can't be helped to catch up with my colleagues.

---

# Review 2021/12/03 Conversation - AIDA
AIDA means Attention, Interest, Desire and Action.

## The example
Are you bored with your job?
Quit it immediately!

I know it's impossible and you have to work for yourself and your family.
I wouldn't say such a thing which Prince Harry said.

However, you can change your job in the future while you're working the current job with having fun.
You may improve yourself step by step forward to a job which you want to have.
Learning new things can bring you fun.

We can't change ourselves suddenly, but we can move forward steadily with a bit effort every day.
Let's begin doing something that can take you to a new job that you want.

---
# Study supplement
## Part.3
## Vocabulary
### be accustomed to (doing) something
to be familiar with something and accept it as normal
