---
title: "2021-04-08: English"
date: 2021-04-08T15:20:00+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Writing: Part2(41-43)

41. Are you studying for TOEIC?
  - I'm studying for TOEIC.
  - Because I'm planning to change my job in the near future.
  - To do so, I need to make some preparations.
  - For example, I have to pass some certified exams with technical vendors, Cisco, Amazon Web Service or something like that.
  - Therefore, I'm studying for TOEIC.
  - However, I don't want to do that.
  - Because I just want to enjoy trip abroad and catch up with the latest technique of computer science.
42. What is it that you want to do during winter?
  - I want to have a snowball fight and make a igloo in winter.
  - The winter already has gone though.
  - When I was a child, it sometimes snowed at my hometown in Mie Prefecture.
  - However, it doesn't snow nowadays.
  - So, I want to play with snow like my childhood.
43. What do you use the computer for at work?
  - I always use the computer at work.
  - Because I'm a software engineer and use it all day every day.
  - I make software, test it and release it, and also make some documents.
  - It's my work all time.

- - -
## Phrasal verbs Part 1

### 131: **give up** smoking

I gave up smoking three years ago.
Because I felt bad when I smoked.

### 132: the merger **goes ahead** as planned

I hope our trip will go ahead as planned.
I want to enjoy our trip as much as possible.

### 133: **go ahead** and ...

Go ahead and get in the line.
I remember I have something to do.

### 134: **go along** the road

If you go along this street, you'll reach a beach.
That is the Kugenuma beach where you want to go.

### 135: **go along** well

My work is going well except half of my colleagues are shit.
I'm lucky because not all of them are shit.
