---
title: "2021-09-08: English"
date: 2021-09-08T18:51:35+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/09/08 Conversation (KAT)
I learned about countable/uncountable nouns and quantifiers

## Notes
1. Practice more linking verbs.
2. Be mindful of forms: base form and past form.

## Quantifiers with countable nouns
* (not) many, several
* each, both
* either, neither
* (a) few, fewer
* a couple of, hundreds of, thousands of

## Quantifiers with uncountable nouns
* (not) much, a bit of, little

## Quantifiers with both countable and uncountable nouns
* all, no
* some, any
* more, most
* a lot of, lots of
* enough, less

## What I missed to say
I'm a foodie, so I like a lot of food and can't choose the best one.
I would say that my favorite food is Udon the best.
Because Udon is tasty, whether it's hot or cold.
You can put a variety of toppings on it, like tempura, croquette, stir-fried beef, seaweed, cut spring onion, grated radish and so on. There are thousands of toppings on Udon.
In addition, you can choose Udon's soup, as instance, curry soup, bonito broth, kelps stocks, and something like that. There are hundreds of soup.

## What will I do for my birthday?
On my birthday I will have delicious dinner what my wife cooked and eat a cake.
My favorite cake is a cheese cake.
I'd like to have a piece of it, not many.
Because I want to eat lots of tasty dishes for birthday dinner.

---

# Today

I'm pretty good.
I worked from home today as usual.
There was nothing special today.

It's cloudy and rainy today.
Hereafter, it will be raining or cloudy for a week.
Because it's now rainy season in Japan.
Japan has two rainy seasons: summer rainy season and autumn one.
This is autumn one.

I can't do enough exercises due to too small waves to surf and rain.
