---
title: "2021-03-27: English"
date: 2021-03-27T11:16:03+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Phrasal verbs Part 1

### 116: **get** someone **out** to the hospital

I have never got someone out to the hospital before.
Maybe I'm upset when something like that happens.

### 117: **get through** the audition

I want to get through the interview to enter the company.
For doing that, I'm studying English and technical stuff for some certification examination of technical vendor.

### 118: **get through** to her

After earthquakes, you can't get through to someone where lives near the seismic center.
Moreover you shouldn't call, because you can disturb some emergency call.

### 119: **get through** the day

I couldn't sleep well yesterday, however I got through the busy yesterday somehow.

### 120: **get up** before six

I want to get up before six in order to going surfing before work.
However, since I couldn't fall asleep well, I don't get up such early.

- - -

## Writing: Part2(38-40)

38. Do you send New Year’s cards?
  - No, I don't.
  - Because it's worthless and tiring for me, I think.
  - My friends who I often see don't need my New Year's card, we can see easily.
  - On the other hand, the other acquaintances are people I don't need to often say hello.
  - Therefore, I don't send any New Year's cards.
39. What kind of music do you like?
  - I like a variety of music.
  - I listen to music which fits my mind.
  - When I drive, I listen to pop music which makes me feel happy and cheerful.
  - When I work or read a book, I listen to jazz or classical music which make me calm down and help me to concentrate on my business.
  - When I jog, I listen to rock music which makes me in high spirits.
  - Like this, I listen to various music depending on the time and place.
40. Do you cook?
  - Yes, I sometimes cook.
  - Most of the days, my wife cooks.
  - She is so good at cooking and it's a kind of her hobby.
  - When I want to cook somehow, I cook.
  - For example, when I get to know a recipe which sounds nice in TV program or I read it in a book which introduce new method to cook.
  - It's a lot of fun, but it's difficult for me to cook every day, every meals.
  - Because I don't know a lot of recipes very much.
