---
title: "2021-08-30: English"
date: 2021-08-30T15:43:40+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/08/30 Touchstone3 (ALEX)

I practiced keeping the conversation.

## What three people in the book talked about.

### Albert
I've always enjoyed movies.
And when I was in high school, my friend and I decided to take a class.
And we learned how to make short movies.
They were so much fun.
So, yeah, and it became a kind of hobby.
We've made like twenty now.
They are only 5 minutes long, but they take hours of work.
And we've entered a couple in local competitions.
We haven't won anything.
But anyway, we just entered a latest short movie in a national film festival.

### Reny
I've always like to dance.
And I've always been a good dancer, too.
So, yeah, I've taken ballet lessons and modern dance, traditional dance, everything.
So, no one was surprised when I decided to become a professional dancer.
So, now I'm with a well-known dance company.
We've traveled a lot.
We've toured the States twice now.
We just performed for the President.
And yeah, that was really exciting.
But I was so nervous.

### Melissa
I moved into a new apartment recently.
And I decided to decorate it.
You know, painting everything.
You know, I've decorated it before, so I know I can do it.
I even kind of enjoy it.
But it was a complete disaster.
I fell off the radder, and spilled paint everywhere.
And I hurt my ankle.
So, now I can't walk anything and I haven't gone out a week.
I just watched the entire series of my favorite TV show, though.

---

# Today and the last weekend
I'm doing good today.
Today is find and hot like I don't want to go out.
Actually I didn't go out today even one step so far.

On the last weekend, I was just relaxed.
I slept until lunch, after that I watched TV and studied English or programming.
There was nothing special the last weekend.
But, it was glad to take enough rest.
