---
title: "2021-03-11: English"
date: 2021-03-11T16:10:11+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Review 2021/03/11 Lesson - Phrasal verbs

I learned phrasal verbs about into and away.

### into

#### 1. run into
to meet someone by chance

I don't like running into my colleagues on weekends.
Because I don't want to think about work on the weekend.

#### 2. look into *sth*
to try to find out the truth about a problem, crime etc in order to solve it

I've been looking into the reason that my software doesn't work well desperately. Nevertheless, I have never found it.

#### 3. burst into
to suddenly begin to make a sound, especially to start singing, crying, or laughing

Suddenly, the neighbor's dog started barking. I don't why but I can't concentrate on my work.

#### 4. read *sth* into *sth*
to think that a situation, action etc has a meaning or importance that it does not really have

It's just kidding, you're reading too much into it. Don't worry about that.

#### 5. go into *sth*
to explain, describe, or examine something in detail

It's a terrible accident, so I don't want to go into it now.

#### 6. throw yourself into *sth*
to start doing an activity with a lot of effort and energy

Since I decided to change my job, I have thrown myself into improving my skill.

#### 7. enter into *sth*
to start discussing or dealing with something

The government should enter into discussion about how to stop holding the next Olympic games.

### away

#### 1. tidy *sth* away
to put something back in the place where it should be, especially in a cupboard, drawer etc.

I was often told by mom to tidy my room away.
Because my mom is organized and a tidy person.

#### 2. pack *sth* away
to put something back in a box, case etc where it is usually kept.

I didn't like to pack my things away when I was a child.
Because I would use it soon next time.
However, now I try to pack them away as soon as I finish using it.

#### 3. tear *sb* away
to make yourself of someone else leave a place when you or they do not want to leave

I sometimes can't managed to tear myself away from the TV.
Because I'm into the movie Mr.Robot on Amazon prime video.

#### 4. stay away from *sb/sth*
to avoid something that will have a bad effect on you

I failed to stay away from potato chips.
I gave in to temptation to buy it and eat it.

#### 5. send away for *sth*
to send a letter to a company or organization asking them to send something to you

I sent away for one of their catalogs of surf boards.
Because I'm thinking about buying another surfboard.

#### 6. lock *sth/sb* away
to put something in a safe place and lock the door, lid etc

You should lock your money and computer away in the safe during going out.

#### 7. run away
to leave a place, especially secretly, in order to escape from someone or something

You can run away from there, if you feel tough to stay there.

- - -

# Today

I was in Osaka ten years ago today when the huge earthquake occurred.
At that time, at first I thought I was sick because I felt shaking my head.
However, it didn't. It was the 3.11 earthquake.

I thought its epicenter was near Osaka.
But it wasn't, it was 600 kilometers away from Osaka.
I couldn't believe that.
Moreover I couldn't believe that the huge Tsunami destroyed all:
fishing ports, building, bridges, airports, cars, and people's lives.

In addition, unfortunately, nuclear power plants were melt down.
Not only Tsunami, but also radiation destroyed all.
People have been trying to overcome the disaster from the earthquake and its Tsunami.
However, the radiation continues to poisoned the land.
It is said that the radiation has not been gone for at least three hundred years.
I'm overwhelmed when I think about how much work we should do for that.

Anyway, we will be able to overcome any difficulties like earthquake, tsunami, typhoon or even this pandemic.
I will do what I can.
