---
title: "2021-10-27: English"
date: 2021-10-27T18:35:49+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/10/27 Conversation (KAT)
I learned about how to say it better in English (Rule 3 and 4).

## Rule.3: avoid contractions
* ain't
  - am not, are not, is not
* e'er
  - ever
* he'd've
  - he should have
* ma'am
  - madam
* o'clock
  - of the clock
* she'd've
  - she should have
* 'tis
  - it is
* 'twas
  - it was
* y'all
  - you all

## Rule.4: transition smoothly
* anyways
  - nevertheless
* plus/also
  - moreover, furthermore
* also
  - in addition, additionally
* but
  - however
* so
  - therefore, thus
* asap
  - as soon as possible, at your earliest convenience
* OK, all right
  - acceptable
* in the meantime
  - in the interim
* I think
  - in my opinion
* in the end
  - finally
* to sum up
  - in conclusion
* in a nutshell, basically
  - to summarize
* anyway
  - not with standing

## Homework
In Japan, more people died from suicide last month than from Covid in all of 2020. And women have been impacted most.

In 2020, Around four thousand died from COVID-19 in Japan.
On the other hand, twenty-one thousand committed suicide.
The number of suicides in 2020 increased by about 4.5 percents over the previous year.
The increase in the number of suicides among women was almost equal to that increase.

The expert of the problem says that the reason might be derived from discrimination against women.
For example, many women were fired due to the recession from COVID-19 or they suffered from domestic violence due to stay home.
Japan may be one of the most developed countries in terms of economic power, but it is still a developing country in terms of eliminating discrimination.

Notwithstanding the increase of women suicides, the number of suicides among men is still over two times than women' one.
Japan seems to be a tough country to live in for both men and women.

## Vocabulary

### cohesive
1. connected or related in a reasonable way to form a whole

### coherent
1. if a piece of writing, set of ideas etc is coherent, it is easy to understand because it is clear and reasonable
2. if someone is coherent, they are talking in a way that is clear and easy to understand

### utterance
1. something you say
2. the action of saying something

### contraction
3. a shorter form of a word of words

### in the meantime / meanwhile
1. in the period of time between now and future event, or between two events in the past

### in the interim
in the period of time between two events

### notwithstanding, SYN: despite
in spite of something


---

# Today

I worked from home, listening to sessions of the online conference.
It was held by Amazon, which has the most share of cloud services.
Because I'm using their services for work and I'm interested in those services.
Moreover, I'm studying for their certifications of exams.
It was quite interesting and fun.
