+++
title =  "2021-01-21: English"
date = 2021-01-21T06:00:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Phrasal verbs Part 1

### 071: **come into** effect

- The solution will not come into effect soon, I think.
- Because it will take at least a half year to prepare it.

### 072: the dirt does not **come off**

- The stain of wine on my shirt will not be coming off easily.

### 073: **come off** the horse

- The actor of superman came off the horse and he fought against after effect of the accident.

### 074: **come on**!

- Come on, hurry up. We are about to miss the train.

### 075: the light **comes on**

- Although I asked Alexa to turn on the light, the light didn't come on.

- - -

## Speaking: 51

1. He is writing something.
2. Does your sister look young?
    - Yes, she does.
3. I have ~~drove~~ **been driving** this car for more than ten years.
4. Have you **ever** seen him swim?
5. The second question was much more difficult than the first one.
6. This is a song often sung by young people.
7. Is that the bus which goes to the town?
8. How beautiful this song is!
9. She took her daughter to the hospital.
10. Are you going to do your homework this afternoon?

## Speaking: 52

1. Although ~~he~~ **the man** is rich, he isn't happy.
2. It was too dark to take ~~a picture~~ **pictures**.
3. That is the hotel where we stayed last year.
4. She isn't old enough to work here.
5. It's impossible for me to understand him.
6. How many pets does he have?
7. You don't have to worry about anything.
8. The old man who lives in that house is very rich.
9. Whose dictionary did she borrow?
10. He ~~rent~~ **lent** me the magazine.

## Speaking: 53

1. I had her make ~~a~~ **some** coffee.
2. Please tell me what is in/**inside**?
3. She asked the children **to** be quiet.
4. The story my uncle told us was strange.
5. There were many famous people at that party.
6. He will finish reading the book soon.
7. If you meet him, you will know why everyone likes him.
8. Bob enjoyed playing games with his friends yesterday.
9. Why didn't she want to see them?
10. I didn't know what to tell her.
    - I didn't know what to say to her.

## Speaking: 54

1. She asked me what my job ~~is~~ **was**.
2. How ~~hard~~ **tough** this meat is!
3. Mary runs **the** fastest of the girls.
4. The man running this restaurant is her cousin. 
5. Does his wife speak Japanese?
    - Yes, she does.
6. They were kind to me.
7. The bookstore where I bought this book was in London.
8. That is the house they decided to buy.
    - **Is that the house they have decided to buy?**
9. Although I ~~ate~~ **have had** lunch, I'm still hungry.
10. Have you been studying for a long time to pass the exam?

## Speaking: 55

1. The old man they met in the park was ninety years old.
2. She will be as famous as you.
3. He studies Spanish for three hours every day.
4. Does you mother like music?
5. Please tell me when to visit her.
6. When the phone rang, was Lucy taking a shower?
7. I think she has been to India before.
8. Since he had nothing to do, ~~he~~ **Tom** went home early.
9. The program was so interesting that everyone wanted to watch it.
10. She made her son wash the dishes.

- - -

## Writing: Part2(23-25)

23. Speak about your hometown.
  - My hometown is Ise city in Mie prefecture.
  - Ise city is famous for Jingu which is a shrine for Shinto religion.
  - In addition, Akafuku which is a famous rice cake dessert is one of the speciality food in Ise city.
  - Therefore, Ise city is famous in Japan.
24. Talk about your favorite sport.
  - My favorite sport is surfing.
  - I love it, because I feel flying and freedom during riding waves.
  - Moreover, I live near the beach I can surf, the beach is about a ten minutes bike ride away from my apartment.
  - Therefore, I can go to the beach easily.
25. Talk about your hobby/hobbies.
  - My hobbies are surfing, reading books, watching movies and playing with gadgets.
  - I like mystery books written by Stephen King, Kotraro Isaka, and so on.
  - And I often watch movies on Amazon Prime Video or Netflix.
  - Moreover, I love gadgets because I'm a software engineer and geek.
