---
title: "2021-10-28: English"
date: 2021-10-28T22:07:01+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/10/28 Touchstone3 (ALEX)

## Homework: page.34 C
1. Marina's parents won't let her use the car.
2. Pedro's parents make him come home before 10:00.
3. Mae tries to have her kids do their homework before dinner.
4. Eduardo can't get his kids to clean up their rooms.
5. Mehmet's wife always tells him to slow down even when he's not driving fast.

## Vocabulary and the example
When I was a kid, I used to play with my friends until it was dimly, playing baseball, football, hide-and-seek, and so on.
My mother was always griping me about coming back home late, I remember.
On the other hand, I was not stubborn and problematic, I guess.
Because I have never got seriously injured, skip my homework, or played a terrible trick.
Rather than, I liked studying and studied hard for passing the entrance exam to university.
What's more, I liked the solemn ambience of the library.
I was a nice kid before until a university student, I think.
I was into boxing at a university, as a result I didn't study enough.
I should have study hard those days, now I think.

### dim, SYN: DARK, OPP: bright
1. fairly dark or not giving much light, so that you cannot see well

### ambience, SYN: atmosphere
the qualities and character of a particular place and the way these make you feel

### solemn
1. very serious and not happy, for example because something bad has happened or because you are at an important occasion

### quench your thirst
to stop yourself feeling thirsty, by drinking something

### gripe
to complain about something in an annoying way

### complain
1. to say that you are annoyed, not satisfied, or unhappy about something or someone

### stubborn
1. determined not to change your mind, even when people think you are being unreasonable

### problematic
involving problems and difficult to dealt with
