---
title: "2021-10-17: English"
date: 2021-10-17T16:47:47+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/10/17 Conversation (KAT)
I learned about modal verbs for deductions about the past

## A. must have
We use **must have** + *past participle* when we feel sure about what happened.

## B. might have / may have
We can use **might have** or **may have** + *past participle* when we think it's possible that something happened.

## C. can't have / couldn't have
We use **can't have** and **couldn't have** + *past participle* when we think it's not possible that something happened.

## Vocabulary and the example
We can communicate with each other if we have consideration for others more.
To be a thoughtful person, we need to consider another aspect of others.
For example, we can imagine that he might have had some troubles, so he looks nervous.
Or, we can deduce that she must have had something sad, she doesn't say anything today.
Just to say "Can I help you?" to people looks in troubles can help them.
If we think that people looks irritated are so selfish that they take it out on others and they couldn't have had any troubles, we can't do anything for them.
If we could imagine that, we will be able to make world better, I think.
It is said that compassion is not for other people's benefit, so we should have consideration for others to live comfortably, should't we?

### hook up with something
to arrange for someone to meet or work with another person or organization

### deduction
1. the process of using the knowledge or information you have in order to understand something or form an opinion, or the opinion that you form
2. the process of taking away an amount from a total, or the amount that is taken away

## Notes
Be mindful prepositions.

* in the morning, in the evening
* at night, at noon

---

# Today

Today is rainy, windy and chilly as well as yesterday.
I feel bit tired and I'm lazy this weekend.
I slept until noon Saturday and Sunday both.

I went surfing yesterday, and I went shopping today.
How are you? Is there anything special?
