---
title: "2021-08-18: English"
date: 2021-08-18T16:52:01+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/08/18 Lesson - Conversation

I learned how to make difficult questions.
There are three types of questions, which are Yes or No, WH, and difficult questions.
And there is a technique called Funneling, that you should use from easy to hard topics when you talk with strangers, and you should use from hard to easy topics when you talk with people you already know.  
For example, a counselor use open questions to closed questions, and
you can use closed questions to open questions when you meet somebody new.

When you create difficult questions, you can ask about their opinions, imagination, experience, past/present/future, specific situation or general, process, reason, or ask them to tell a story.

## Notes
1. Use transitions to talk more smoother, like by the way, so, actually.
2. Minimize silence, jotting down keywords which appeared in conversation and using them.
3. Be mindful using accurate words, for example the singular/plural, the definite/indefinite article, and so on.

## Vocabulary

### stain
1. to accidentally make a mark on something, especially one that cannot be removed, or to be marked in this way

### delicacy
1. something good to eat that is expensive or rare

### vital
1. extremely important and necessary for something to succeed or exist
3. necessary in order to keep you alive

### timely
done or happening at exactly the right time

### cohesive
1. connected or related in a reasonable way to form a whole

### utterance
1. something you say
2. the action of saying something

### coherent
1. if a piece of writing, set of ideas etc is coherent, it is easy to understand because it is clear and reasonable
2. if someone is coherent, they are taking in a way that is clear and easy to understand
3. if a group is coherent, its members are connected or united because they share common aims, qualities, or beliefs

### discourse
1. a serious speech or piece of writing on a particular subject
2. serious conversation or discussion between people
3. the language used in particular types of speech or writing

### accordingly
1. in a way that is suitable for a particular situation or that is based on what someone has done or said
2. as a result of something

### adopt
1. to take someone else's child into your home and legally become its parent

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say
My name is Naoki Morita.
My parents wished that I will become an honest and stable man,
so they named me Naoki.
Naoki is composed of Nao and Ki in Japanese Kanji.
Nao contains meanings of straight, honesty, or purity.
Ki contains meanings of a big tree, independence, or stability.

---

# Today

I'm doing good.
I worked from home today as usual.
I've been working from home since this pandemic happened.

Now it's fine, but today it's sunny and rainy, busy day.
