---
title: "2021-03-21: English"
date: 2021-03-21T17:35:54+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Review 2021/03/21 Lesson - Business English: Negotiation

### Flow

**TODO**

### Vocabulary

* substantial
    - large in amout or number
* quarterly
    - produced or happening four times a year
* live with *sb/sth*
    - to accept a difficult situation that is likely to continue for a long time
* take *sth* into account
    - to consider or remember something when judging a situation

### What I couldn't say but I wanted to say.

It's not common for shoppers to bargain with store employees in Japan.
Because stores usually decided to discount due to its reason, not negotiation with shoppers.
For example, the products is damaged, or the expirattion date of the food is close, or something like that.
However, that's except people in Osaka.
It is said that they bargain with store employees and it's ordinary.
Because Osaka is known as a city of merchants, and barganing are commonplace.

I prefer sunny to rainy.
Because it's humid in Japan, so when it rains, it's easy to mold.
In addition, I don't like wet clothes touching my skin, it's uncomfortable.

- - -

# Today

I lazed about all day, I just watched movies.
Because it's heavy rainy and windy like a storm today.
I can't go surfing due to the storm.
The waves are too many and junked to surf because of strong wind.

I'm into the movies, Mr.Robot.
The main character is a hacker who has a mental trouble.
He fights his another character inside himself.
Moreover he fights a giant company and China government.
It's so interesting.
Rami Malek plays the main character.
He also played Freddie Mercury of Queen in the Bohemian Rhapsody film.
