---
title: "2021-09-16: English"
date: 2021-09-16T16:40:22+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/09/16 Phrases to sound smart

## Notes
1. Imagine the situation for the topic
2. Practice more utilize the phrases

## The example using phrases
I have had many experiences so far to see good presenters through meetings or conferences.
Here's what I learned, "You try to speak smart, you should look idiot."
Genuine smart people can speak difficult topics as everyone can understand.
It might be inverse of using phrases that let you smart.
I have a number of solutions to keep you from looking idiot.
One of them is that you should use easy words as mid-school students can understand, not to use complicated and technical words.
Another is that you should clearly express the attitude like "I hear you".
Because everyone like people who listen to their speech.
Some people might have another view on that, though.

### Here's what I learned,
SYN: I think

### I give the credit to...

### I'll post you on that
I will provide you with an update at the appropriate time

### Good point, but..
I don't agree...
You make a valid point. I'd like to put another perspective on the table for discussion

### I have a number of solutions ...

### It sounds almost as challenging as that time I ...

### I hear you
I hear what you're saying

### I have a view on that
It's important to have a point of view on important issues,
but it's equally vital to know if and when to share it.

## Vocabulary and the example
The absence of education can leads us to poverty.
I have a view on that, we should deliberately educate and improve ourselves even when we become adults.
Because this world is similar to Wonderland.
As the Red Queen's said, it takes all the running we can do, to keep in the same place.
That is to say, if we want to move forward, we must run like hell more than expected.
It is vital to know that for surviving this Wonderland.

### absent
1. not at work, school, a meeting etc, because you are sick or decide not to go
2. if someone or something is absent, they are missing or not in the place where they are expected to be

### inverse
1. if there is an inverse relationship between two amounts, one gets bigger at the same rate as the other get smaller
2. exactly opposite

### shorthand
2. a shorter but less clear way of saying something

### perspective
a way of thinking about something, especially one which is influenced by the type of person you are or your experiences

### put sb on the spot
to deliberately ask someone a question that is difficult or embarrassing to answer

### deliberately
1. done in a way that is intended or planned
2. done or said in a slow careful way

### vital
1. extremely important and necessary for something to succeed or exist

---
# Today
I worked from home as usual.
There was nothing special.
Besides, I didn't went out from my apartment even one step.
