---
title: "2021-09-13: English"
date: 2021-09-13T17:22:25+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/09/13 Current Events (BEA)

[Mind Control Car](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2109/210909-mind-control-car-m.pdf)

## Notes
* Be mindful using noun and adjective, luxury and luxurious
* Learn more vocabulary, artificial leg
* Pronounce of Munich

## What I couldn't say
Japanese titles of films sometimes are weird.
For instance, "Frozen" turned to "Ana and the Snow Queen".
On the contrarily, there is a weird English title for a Japanese song.
It's "Sukiyaki", the Japanese title is "I will walk looking up".
Sukiyaki is a tasty Japanese dish, isn't it?
In addition, "Sukiyaki" isn't contained in the lyrics and the song doesn't say about Sukiyaki at all.
That is to say, translations is unnecessary to be concise to the original word.
It's important to catch the interest of people.

By the way, I have a thing that I've wondered for a long time.
It is that name of places is pronounced as its original language in Japan.
For example, Paris is not Paris in Japan, it's "Pari".
We don't pronounce "s".
In addition, Venice is Venezia, Munich is Munchen in Japan.
It's confusing, isn't it?

---

# Today

It's fine today, so nice to go on a picnic.
However, I worked from home today as usual.

Speaking of meals, I had healthy food today.
I ate a sandwich for breakfast.
I had steamed rice, miso-soup, and hamburg for lunch.
Both were cooked by my wife.

When I commute to the office before this pandemic,
I took a lunch box that my wife cooked.
Now, I can have a hot meal at home.
It's better for me than before.

The last weekend, I studied English and programming.
In addition, I went to surfing, of course.
It was a productive and fruitful weekend.
It was the ordinary nice weekend.
