---
title: "2021-09-27: English"
date: 2021-09-27T17:20:31+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/09/27 Current Events (BEA)
[Indian Politician Wants To Make Nap Time Law](https://eikaiwa.dmm.com/app/daily-news/article/indian-politician-wants-to-make-nap-time-law/9euiPDnIEeuz5X9Ha_k_Yg)

## Notes
* Practice the speaking skill, retelling the story

## Vocabulary and the example

### nap
a short sleep, especially during the day

### mandatory
if something is mandatory, the law says it must be done

### quality
how good or bad something is

### quantity
an amount of something that can be counted or measured

### matter
a subject or situation that you have to think about or deal with

### rule
1. to have the official power to control a country and the people who live there

## The one of Aesop's fables, "The rabbit and the turtle"
"The rabbit and the turtle" story is very famous as well as Japan.
The story is following.
One day, a rabbit and a turtle decided to challenge a running race.
The mandatory goal is to reach the foot of the mountain.
The rabbit overestimated his ability and underestimated the turtle's one.
So, the rabbit took a nap at half way there.
When the rabbit woke up after long sleep, the turtle has reached out the goal.
It's said that the moral from the story is that you never underestimate the weakest opponent.

However, I don't think so.
In my opinion, the moral from the story is that you should focus on the goal, not your competitor.
Your competitor doesn't matter what you want to accomplish in your life.
You should not care whether the quantity of money you have is higher than others or not, you should focus on the quality of your life.
What's more, the moral from the story is that the ability or the gift don't always rule competitions.
You can win what you want provided that you focus on your goal and keep challenging.

---
# Review 2021/09/27 Touchstone3 (ALEX)
I learned superlatives.
I practiced making sentences using superlatives.
And I practiced pronunciation of linking and deletion with superlatives.

## Utilize what I learned
I've been to some countries so far.
I visited beautiful towns, great nature, and tasted delicious local food.
However, it's not enough for me at all.
Because one of my dreams is to travel around the world.
I want to visit Iguazu Falls which is the largest waterfall in the world,
watch the football game Barcelona vs Real Madrid at Camp Nou which has the most seats among the football stadiums.
What's more, I'd like to try the most smelly fruit, Durian.
My teacher said that it smells the worst.
To be extreme, I'd like to go into space.
It's the most exciting for human, isn't it?

---

# Today
Today, I worked from home as usual.

The last weekend, I went to have a certification exam of a technology vendor and passed it.
It was not a difficult exam.
The next exam I'm going to have this weekend will be difficult.

Speaking of the last weekend, my wife and I celebrated for my birthday.
Actually, the day was not my birthday, it's this Wednesday.
It was like a pre-birthday party.
We ate delicious beef and pork for dinner and drunk lots of wine.
It was a good weekend.

## To Ms.ALEX

You had a severe side-reaction of vaccine, didn't you?
Are you feeling better now?
Did you get a fever, headache, or something bad?

In my case, I didn't have any side-reaction besides my arm hurt a little.
Both the 1st and 2nd dose of vaccine, I had no side-effect.
Because of that you are young and I'm not.
