---
title: "2021-08-11: English"
date: 2021-08-11T16:51:15+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/08/11 Lesson - Current Events

## Notes

1. answer concisely
2. be careful about singular and plural form
3. be mindful about adjective and adverb form
4. use accurate pronoun
5. be mindful that 'support' take verb with suffix 'ing'
6. organize speaking

## Vocabulary and the example

Now I'm tackling an issue that I can't use English well.
Probably I've missed the opportunities to enjoy my life many times due to lack of English skill.
However, I decided to start learning English to seize the moment to make my life happier.
It's never too late to learn.
I'm proud of me to decide that.

I don't care whether I'm chubby or skinny.
However, I just care whether I'm healthy or not.
Because if I suffered from obesity or diabetes, I can't enjoy my life.
I'd like to enjoy all of life until the moment of death.
Therefore, I want to keep being health.

### tackle
1. to try to deal with a difficult problem

### seize the moment
To take full advantage of life's opportunities whenever and wherever they present themselves; to live life to one's full potential.

### obesity
when someone is very fat in a way that is unhealthy.

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say

Alcohol beverages are expensive in Japan.
Because the liquor tax is high.
About thirty percent of the price of beer is tax.

I think that it's good thing to prevent people from becoming alcoholics.
I heard that alcoholism has become a social problem in the United States.
That's probably because the tax on beer is one-tenth of Japanese one.

So, it's a difficult problem.
But I would like to drink beer more cheaply.

---

# Self Introduction

I'd like to introduce myself.
I'm Naoki Morita.
I'm residing in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan.
I work for HOGE Corporation as a software engineer.
I've been learning English at MeRISE since 2 years ago.
I want to improve my English conversation skills.
I usually go shopping, studying or surfing on weekends.
I like surfing.
That's it.
Thank you for your time today.
