---
title: "2021-08-21: English"
date: 2021-08-21T14:51:21+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/08/21 Current Events (KAT)

## Notes
1. Be careful using preposition which fits the situation
2. Chose a word properly
3. Be mindful about singular and plural.
4. Use various phrases, for example about reason, like for the reason, due to, and so on.

## Vocabulary and the example
The law which requires companies to keep elderly people working until age seventy came into effect on April 2021 if they want.
Because the amount of national pension which elderly people can receive will be reducing much more than now.
It shows the current severe situation in Japan whose population is decreasing and which became elderly society.

I understand that I need skills to survive in a such country, Japan.
Above all, it's important to keep being inquisitive and impulsive.
Because these characteristics are necessary to follow global economy which is changeable drastically.
In addition, I need an imperturbable self-possession which can cool me off immediately even if I got angry.
I will try to be one who has those.

### inquisitive
1. asking too many questions and trying to find out too many details something or someone
2. interesting in a lot of different things and wanting to find out more about them.

### cool off
1. to return to normal temperature after being hot
2. to become calm after being angry

### come into effect
to start working, start to apply or being used

### impulsive
someone who is impulsive does things without considering the possible dangers or problems first

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say

I have three surfboards: a bodyboard, a middle length of surfboard and a long one.
I used them depending on size of waves.
I usually use a middle length one because it fits most situations.
I use a bodyboard when wind is strong, the waves are big.
Because it's hard for me to paddle out using a surfboard through big waves.
Lastly, I use a long one when the wind is light and sea surface is smooth.
You can enjoy cruising on the waves.

I'm not expert at surfing, but I can enjoy surfing anytime when I can use the surfboard which fits the waves.

---

# Today

I'm relaxed today, I slept until lunch and then watched TV.
That's it.
After this class, I will study a while and go surfing.
