---
title: "2021-08-31: English"
date: 2021-08-31T17:44:05+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/08/31 Current Events (BEA)

[Airless NASA Tires Available for Bicycles in 2022](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/airless-nasa-tires-available-for-bicycles-in-2022/4L8hepvHEeuJ1UdqaoGFrA)

## Notes
1. Utilize more vocabulary what I learned
2. Be mindful difference between past and past participle

## Vocabulary and the example
The place where I live is just the right balance between rural and urban areas.
I can go the nearest beach by bike and it takes 30 minutes to go to a big city using a train.
Here is a good place to live, excluding traffic congestion.
The city where I live is one of tourist spots in the metropolitan area.
So, many tourists visit around here and make traffic jams.
Therefore, many residents use a bike, I'm one of them.
I have an electric bike, and it's very easy to ride even on days with strong headwinds.
It's not a space-age bike, but it helps me to go surfing.
I don't have to have the space-age tyre which is elastic and is able to deform when they hit something like the article said.
Because I rarely have a flat tyre and I ride my bike carefully.
I want a wheel and a chain which don't get rusty rather than the tyre.
That's because sea breeze makes everything be rust.

### weave/wove/woven
1. to make cloth, a carpet a basket etc by crossing threads or thin pieces under and over each other by hand or on a loom

### congestion
1. the problem of too much traffic in a place

### rural
2. like the countryside or reminding you of the countryside

### urban
1. relating to towns and cities

### flat
3. a flat tyre or ball has no air or not enough air in it

### dose
1. the amount of a medicine or a drug that you should take

### fling
1. to throw something somewhere using a lot of force
2. to throw or move something roughly and carelessly

### elastic
a type of rubber material that can stretch and then return to its usual length or size

### deform
if you deform something, or if it deforms, its usual shape changes so that its usefulness or appearance is spoiled

### space-age
very modern

### make of
1. to have a particular opinion about or understanding of something or someone

---

# Today
I took a day off today to get vaccinated.
Yesterday, our family doctor called to my wife that they have one vaccine that we can get. So, we decided that I got vaccinated.
Because I may have to go out for work hereafter,
and the possibility of getting infected is higher than my wife.

Now, I don't have any side-effect.
Tomorrow, I may have some side-effect from the vaccine.
It takes time to come out.
I took some fever medicine for the side-effect.
