---
title: "2021-02-16: English"
date: 2021-02-16T09:18:31+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## News: Fans get inside space bubbles for rock concert - 28th January, 2021

A band has played what is being called the 'World's First Space Bubble Concert'. The psychedelic-rock group the Flaming Lips played to an audience who were all in giant, inflatable plastic bubbles. The bubbles are called Zorb balls. The band played two concerts in their native city of Oklahoma. All band members were also inside their own Zorb bubble. There were 100 bubbles at the shows. Some of the bubbles contained three people. The bubbles may be one way for concerts to go ahead during the pandemic.  Each bubble has a special speaker, a water bottle, a battery-operated fan, a towel and an "I gotta go pee/hot in here" sign. Workers refill the bubble with cool air if it gets too hot.

The idea for the bubble concerts came from the band's lead singer Wayne Coyne. He often uses a Zorb ball to roll over the crowd during his concerts.  He decided that concerts would be COVID-safe if everyone was in a Zorb. He said attending a space bubble concert is "safer than going to the grocery store". He told the Rolling Stone magazine: "It's a very restricted, weird event, but the weirdness is so we can enjoy a concert before putting our families and everybody at risk." He added: "You see people excited, people being happy, and people really having fun....I think it's a bit of a 'new normal'. You might go to a show, you might not, but I think we're going to be able to work it out."

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - It sounds amazing.
    - Using Zorb ball, audience can enjoy concerts, shows and any events.
* b) What do you think of the activity of Zorbing?
    - I think that would be fun, and I would like to try it.
    - I heard that some amusement park use it for their attraction.
* c) What are the risks of going to a grocery store?
    - The risk would be a collision.
    - Because if you use Zorb ball for shopping at a grocery store, you would fall the shelf down. 
* d) How 'weird' is attending a concert in a Zorb ball?
    - It's so weird, but also good.
    - Because the audience can't talk with each other during the concenrt.
    - On the ohter hand, they can focus on the music.
    - Therefore, it's weird but it has good points.
* e) What's the best concert you have ever seen?
    - It was Extreme's concert, they are American rock band.
    - The guitarist of Extreme is so great and plays the guitar exremely well.
    - I think he is one of the best guitarist in the world.
    - I went to their concert a few times.
    - All their concerts were extremely nice.
* f) Is it better to see a concert live or on YouTube?
    - To see a concert live in person is better, I think.
    - Becasue you can feel the notes through the huge speakers.
* g) Why do people enjoy going to concerts?
    - Because they want to be in a space where it's quite difference from their place.
    - There are loud music, fantastic performance and the artists they're longing.
    - It's quite different from their reality, their ordinary life.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the band's leader?
    - What would you make a plan next your concert?
    - Because the leader may have another interesting ideas.

- - -

## Phrasal verbs Part.1

### 051: English is **coming along** well

* I've been studying English, however I don't feel my English is coming along well.

### 052: on opportunity **comes along**

* I won't miss every opportunity coming along to get a job.

### 053: **come around** to her house

* You can always come around to my house.

### 054: he'll **come around**

* He is stubborn, so he will never come around.

### 055: spring has **come around**

* Every fashion of clothing will come around every decade.

### 056: **come back** next summer

* He said he would come back, but he didn't.

### 057: black hair **comes back**

* A fashion of clothing seventy years ago is coming back again.

### 058: the pain **comes back**

* I'm afraid that the pain will be coming back.

### 059: memories **come back** to me

* Some bad memories sometimes come back to me, I hate it.

### 060: snow **came down**

* This winter, snow doesn't come down yet.
