---
title: "2021-03-14: English"
date: 2021-03-14T17:27:02+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Review 2021/03/14 Lesson - Business negotiation

1. One of a series of meetings
  - Following our previous meetings, we have agreed on some important issues.
2. Stating your aims and objectives
  - Today, we are going to talk about the number of products we'll deliver and its deadline.
3. Company Profile
  - As you know, the world is running out of semiconductors due to the pandemic.
  - Because the employees in factories was infected with the coronavirus.
  - In addition, people who stay at home demands video games and computers which requires semiconductors.
  - Our company has been producing consumer electronics for hundred years, nevertheless we can't have enough semiconductors.
4. Stating your position
  - So that, we will not be able to produce a sufficient number of products for a while. Moreover, this situation may continue throughout this year.
5. Focus
  - It's essential for us to prioritize what we should produce, how much and when.
6. Additional
  - In today's meeting, we need to decide on the number of products to be produced and the deadline, at least for Product A.
7. Handling questions
  - Would you like to ask or add anything?

Okay. Shall we get started?

- - -
## Preparation for today's lesson

At the last lesson, I learned establishing my ground.

### Preparation for negotiation

1. knowing your aims and objectives
2. knowing your own strengths and weakness
3. preparing any figures, calculations and other materials
4. preparing an opening statement

### Creating the right climate
1. Welcoming
2. Introductions
3. Small talk
4. Polite offers
5. Getting started

### First meeting

1. Good morning, Mr.XX, I'm Naoki Morita.
2. Welcome to our company, Mr.XX.
3. This is your first visit to Yokohama, isn't it?
  - Really? That would be nice.
4. Would you like some drinks, Mr.XX?
5. OK. We have several agendas today, so let's get down to business.

### Second meeting

1. How are you Mr.XX? It's nice to see you again.
2. Allow me introduce Ms.YY, she is my colleague.
  - She's in charge of the customer support department.
  - She'll be sitting on our negotiations.
3. It's too hot and humid today, isn't it?
  - I don't like this weather.
  - How was your trip?
4. Can I offer you some cold drink, Mr.XX?
5. We've got a full agenda today, should we get started?

### Establishing your ground

1. Introducing the agenda
2. Length of the meeting
3. Clarifying the goals
4. Check for agreement
5. Handling questions
6. Moving to the Opening Statement

Let's just run through the today's agenda.
We need to train our employees about English,
So we discussed at the last meeting.
Ms.YY is going to sit in to take minutes for us.
At first, I will explain what we discussed at the last meeting.
This meeting will take 2 hours.
Because I have to go out for attending another meeting after this.
Would you like to ask or add anything?
OK. Now, let's begin.
