---
title: "2021-02-05: English"
date: 2021-02-05T17:40:01+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Review 2021/02/05 lesson - Business: Controlling the meeting

1. Introducing Discussion
  - We should discuss the matter about ...
2. Calling on a speaker
  - I'd like to ask Mr.X to tell us about ...
3. Controlling the meeting
  - Sorry Ms.Y, can we let Mr.X finish?
  - I think we are sidetracked.
4. Referring to time boundaries
  - I'm afraid we've run out of time.
  - We don't have enough time to discuss.
5. Moving the Discussion
  - Let's talk about the next point.
  - Let's move on to the next topic.
6. Summarizing
  - So, I want to summarize this meeting.
7. Closing the meeting
  - I think we've covered everything.

I have to decide the agenda of next meeting 

- - -

## News: Jeff Bezos stepping down as Amazon CEO - 5th February, 2021

https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2102/210205-jeff-bezos-m.pdf

### Vocabulary

* step down
    - to leave your job or official position, because you want to or because you think you should
* pass on
    - to give someone a piece of information that someone else has given to you
* dedicate
    - to give all your attention and effort to one particular thing

### Discussion

* a) What do you know about Amazon.com?
    - I know it some.
    - I usually use Amazon to buy everything besides food.
    - Moreover, I use Amazon Web Services.
    - Because I work as a software engineer and it serves many functions and servers.
    - Therefore, I depend on Amazon.
* b) How useful is Amazon.com?
    - Amazon is very useful for me.
    - It helps me to find what I want.
    - In addition, I don't have to go out if I use Amazon.
    - You don't have to be weighed down even if you want drinks or something heavy.
* c) What do you know about Jeff Bezos?
    - I know he is a founder of Amazon and a rich man.
    - However, I don't know much other than that.
* d) What does a CEO do?
    - I have no idea about what a CEO is doing.
    - I am just an engineer.
* e) What would you do if you were Amazon's CEO?
    - I would ask engineers to develop new drones which can carry people.
    - Or I would buy an aircraft company and an airlines company.
    - Because Amazon delivers everything.
    - For example, it delivers food, computers, medicines, and so on.
    - Finally it will carry people, I guess.
* f) Have you ever used Amazon.com?
    - Yes, I have.
    - I use Amazon once a week at least.
    - Amazon is necessary for me to live.
* g) Do you prefer Internet shopping or going to shops and malls?
    - I prefer Internet shopping to going to shops and malls.
    - Because I don't have to carry on something I buy.
    - Moreover, it reduce time to move to shops in person.
    - However, I like going to shops and malls to buy food and alcoholic drinks.
    - Because food at the shops is fresh.
    - And the stores have a lot of alcoholic drinks that are not available on Amazon.
* h) What advice do you have for Jeff Bezos?
    - I have no advice for Jeff Bezos.
    - In contrarily, I want advice from Jeff Bezos to work comfortably.

- - -

## today

Today it's sunny and warm, comfortable day.
So I made a sandwich and a bottle of tea for lunch.
And I went to a beach and had them for lunch.
I was enjoying lunch watching waves, surfers and Mt.Fuji.
At that time, suddenly, a kite, a bird like hawk, took the last bite of my sandwich and fly away.
I was surprised with that.
I knew a few kites were circling above me, aiming my sandwich.
So I was careful about that and I had my sandwich with my hand, like this.
However, while I was distracted in a moment, the kite took my sandwich from me.
