+++
title =  "2021-01-04: English"
date = 2021-01-04T13:00:00+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++
## Review 2021/01/04 lesson: Culture

### Vocabulary

#### barbaric
very cruel and violent

* Every discrimination should be barbaric.

#### prohibit somebody from doing, prohibit one's doing
to say that an action is illegal or not allowed

* Recently, every organization begins to prohibit employees from smoking inside the area.

#### be widowed
if someone is widowed, their husband or wife dies

* My grandmother was widowed when she was thirty years old.
  After that she had grew up my father and my uncle alone.

#### devotion
1. the strong love that you show when you pay a lot of attention to someone or something
2. the loyalty that you show towards a person, job, etc, especially by working hard

* I am a cold person because I decided to give nobody devotion and I will live for myself.

#### pyre
a high pile of wood on which a dead body is placed to be burned in a funeral ceremony

* They built a big funeral pyre to show their loyalty for their commander.

### Example

Every war widows many women. War is always barbaric.
Many bodies are left on the field without any devotion and pyre.
Japanese laws prohibit the government from starting war,
however the law allows it to defend.
War is always started because of defending the nation.
I fear that this pandemic will trigger a war.

- - -

## Speaking 23

### Try.1

1. All The money was stolen.
2. This is the best way to do the work.
3. Were you dancing with Paul?
  - Yes, I was.
4. Whose is this pencil?
5. Nancy ran as fast as she could.
6. The dog goes there every day.
7. She wanted to buy a book ~~she~~ **to** read ~~in~~ **on** the train.
8. It's getting warm.
9. When I met her five years ago, she could speak Japanese **much** better than now.
10. There is not the book I put on the desk an hour ago.
  - The book I put on the desk one hour ago is not there.


### Try.2

1. Nancy ran as fast as she could.
2. When I met her five years ago, she was able to speak Japanese much better than now.
3. Whose is this pencil?
4. The book I put on the desk one hour ago is not there.
5. The dog goes there every day.
6. It is getting warm.
7. She wanted to buy a book to read on the train.
8. Were you dancing with Paul?
  - Yes, I was.
9. This is the best way to do the work.
10. All the money was stolen.

## Speaking 24

### Try.1

1. My husband enjoys listening to Jazz before he goes to bed.
2. Many of **the** foreigners I know speak Japanese well.
3. I have **always** wanted to visit this town.
4. ~~I go back before seven.~~
  - **I will be home before seven.**
5. There is a pretty cat in the garden.
  - There is a cute cat in the yard.
6. Do you want to go to the sea ~~in the~~ **this** afternoon?
  - Yes, I do.
7. Is he taking a shower?
  - No, he isn't.
8. This stone is ~~bigger~~ **heavier** than that one.
9. Is your husband good at cooking?
  - Yes, he is.
10. Did you eat meat **yesterday**?

### Try.2

1. I have always wanted to visit this town.
2. Is he taking a shower?
  - No, he isn't.
3. I will be home before seven.
4. Did you eat meat yesterday?
5. There is a cute cat in the yard.
6. This stone is heavier than that one.
7. Do you want to go to the sea this afternoon?
  - Yes, I do.
8. Many of the foreigners I know speak Japanese well.
9. Is your husband good at cooking?
  - Yes, he is.
10. My husband enjoys listening to jazz before he goes to bed.
