---
title: "2021-06-18: English"
date: 2021-06-18T16:53:07+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/06/18 Lesson - Conversation

We talked about lottery tickets.

## Vocabulary
Even if I won the lottery and get huge prize money like approximately a billion dollars.
I will not show off with buying a mansion house.
Because it can bring some risks like robbery, kidnapping, or threats.
I will opt to travel around the world instead.
It would be conservative and prudent idea, I think.
Because you can have some risks like a dispute, riots, discrimination wherever you live.
If I can live several places in the world, I can avoid those risks.
In addition, I don't have to live off the interest if I had a billion dollars,
so I don't have to be anxious about any economic crisis.
The best thing about traveling around the world is to enjoy local food of the world.
Because I'm foodie.

### mansion
1. a very large house

### prize
something that is given to someone who is successful in a competition, race, game of chance etc.

### opt
to choose one thing or do one thing instead of another

### approximately
more or less than a number or amount

### conservative
1. not liking changes or new ideas
3. not very modern in style, taste etc. SYN: traditional

### prudent
sensible and careful, especially by trying to avoid unnecessary risks

### show off
1. to try to make people admire your abilities, achievements, or possessions - used to show disapproval
2. to show something to a lot of people because you are very proud of it
3. if one thing shows off something else, it makes the other thing look especially attractive

### live off
to get your income or food from a supply of money or from another person

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say
I rarely buy lottery tickets.
Because I heard that the probability of winning the lottery is same as one in 40 million.
For example, it's the same as the probability of rolling the dice 9 times and getting 1 all 9 times.
Therefore, I think it's the probability is approximately zero.

However, I occasionally buy some lottery tickets with bit wish.
Like, I don't have to have a billion dollars, so give me a million dollars.

- - -

# Today

I'm doing good.
I worked from home as usual today.
I'm bit tired because I've prepared for job interviews.
And I had a job interview on the phone this Wednesday,
it was a technical interview.
I got nervous and couldn't answer technical questions well.
However, I pass it.
And I'm going to have 2nd interviews next week or two weeks later.
