---
title: "2021-08-22: English"
date: 2021-08-22T15:25:29+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/08/21 Lesson - Conversation (YVEE)

I learned expression useful for a trip conversaton.

## Homework
Create five advanced questions about a trip.

1. What is your purpose when you go on a trip? How do you make your travel itinerary?
2. Where did you go on holiday? What local specialities do you like the best there?
3. Have you ever spent long holiday, about a few month? What did you take on the trip?
4. Wasn't it difficult to find a nice hotel? How did you find the hotel you've stayed?
5. Have you ever get sick while traveling? How did you explain your condition in English?

## Notes
1. Utilize transitions and phrases I've ever learned
2. Practice more making advance questions

## Vocabulary and the example

### budget
1. the money that is available to an organization or person, or a plan of how it will be spent

### tutor
1. someone who gives private lesson to one student or a small group, and is paid directly by them

### Guess what!
used before you tell someone something that will surprise them

### be geared at/to/towards
1. to be designed or organized in a way that is suitable for a particular purpose

### crab mentality
Crab mentality is a way of thinking best described by the phrase "if I can't have it, neither can you". The metaphor is derived from a pattern of behavior noted in crabs when they are trapped in a bucket. While any one crab could easily escape, its efforts will be undermined by others, ensuring the group's collective demise.

### in a sense
thinking about something in one way, but not in every way

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say

* About late heavy rain in Japan

Lengthy band of rain has stayed over western Japan for the past a few weeks. It brings flood and debris flow.
Unfortunately, a typhoon is coming now.
I hope there is no more harm to people and houses.

* About what I usually eat in Autumn

I like Autumn the best season.
Because I was born on September and I can get birthday presents.
In addition, you can eat various tasty food in season, for example, Japanese chestnut, a Pacific saury fish, sweet potato, pumpkin, grape, pear, and so on.

* About what scenery and food I've ever had in a trip

The best scenery I've seen is from Edinburgh castle.
Because you can see Old and New Towns of Edinburgh from there.
The Old Towns of Edinburgh is one of world heritage.
That's beautiful.

When I travel the UK, I ate fish-and-chips many times.
Fish-and-chips with tartar sauce and malt vinegar was one of the best dish.
I drink Ale beer a lot with it.

---

# Today
I'm relaxed today, I slept until lunch and then watched TV.
I watch a high school baseball tournament.

# Writing class
Can I ask a question?
Do you have a Writing English class?
I want to have the class, because I'd like to write English documents at work in order to considering changing my job.
If I were to change my job to international company, I will need to write documents in English as well as speaking.
Moreover, I can't write English sentences smoothly.
I often use dictionary and automatic translation tool to check the sentences in English, but It takes time.
So I'd like to write English documents correctly and quickly without those tools.
