---
title: "2021-03-24: English"
date: 2021-03-24T17:47:02+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Writing: Part2(35-37)

35. Do you sleep a lot?
  - No, I don't.
  - Contrarily, I don't have enough sleep.
  - Because I don't know why but I sometimes can't have difficulty falling asleep.
  - For example, I sometimes lie on the bed for two hours without sleep.
  - Although I don't take a nap in the daytime and I don't drink some coffee before going to bed, I can't help doing that about once a week or two weeks.
  - Therefore, I take a supplement which makes me asleep recently.
  - It's good for me to fall asleep relatively easily, but it has a side-effect.
  - That is to make me feel listless. I don't like it.
  - So, I'm looking for another solution.
36. Do you like bento boxes from convenience stores?
  - No, I don't like it.
  - Because it's bit salty.
  - For example, after I ate the bento boxes from convenience store, I feel thirsty normally.
  - In addition, they are sometimes too salty for me to feel numbness in the tongue.
  - Therefore, I'm not a big fan of them.
  - I usually have my wife make bento boxes.
37. What do you do with the clothes you don’t wear anymore?
  - I sell them or throw them away.
  - Jackets or coats can be bought by an old-clothes store, so I sell them.  
  - On the other hand, I throw away underclothes because nobody wants them.
  - In these years, everybody cares about preserving nature environment, so we can buy worn wears at a reasonable price.
  - It's good for everyone and of course nature environment.
