---
title: "2021-10-01: English"
date: 2021-10-01T13:54:57+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/10/01 Current Events (BEA)

[Scientist Find Animal with Biggest Ears](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2103/210309-animal-ears-m.html)

## Vocabulary and the example
A lot of  gloomy and dullness news are broadcasted every day recently.
I didn't imagine like this cursed situation.

Two and half years ago, I went to Scotland and met an adorable furry mammal, called "Hielan coo" in Scots.
They are Gonzo-looking cattle, having long horns and a long shaggy coat.
I also remember the majestic castle with the beautiful sunset glow in the background.

I wish the world we can move freely will come back and I'm looking forward to visit there again.

### adorable, SYN: charming, cute, delightful
someone or something that is adorable is so attractive that they fill you with feelings of love

### cursed, ANT: adorable
2. suffering as a result of a punishment by God or a god

### gonzo, SYN: crazy, insane, strange, weird
(especially used of pieces of writing in newspapers) intended to be shocking and exciting rather than give information

### glow, SYN: bloom, glare, light
1. a soft steady light

### dullness, ANT: glow
1. not interesting or exciting
2. not bright or shiny
3. not bright and with lots of clouds
  - a dull sky

### furry
1. covered with fur or short threads

### mammal
a type of animal that drinks milk from its mother's body when it is young. Humans, dogs, and whales are mammals.

### steward
1. a man whose job is to serve food and drinks to passengers on a plane or ship
3. someone who protects something or is responsible for it, especially something such as nature, public property, or money


---
# Today
A typhoon is passing nearby.
Although it will not land on the main island of Japan,
it brings the violent winds and heavy rain.
Yesterday, it was not this way.
So, I could enjoy surfing with good waves.
