---
title: "2021-11-19: English"
date: 2021-11-19T17:47:19+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/11/19 Conversation (KAT)
I learned Past/Present/Future (PPF) method for speech pattern.
We can use PPF method when we are given a situation or quote.

## Transitions
### Starting the point
* to begin, originally, at the beginning
* to begin with, before all else, to start with

### Moving to the next point
* after/afterward, then/then after, as soon as
* later, henceforth, subsequently

### Other ways to end the point
* eventually, finally
* in the end, at last/at long last

## Vocabulary
### henceforth
from this time on

### subsequently, OPP: previously
after an event in the past

### stipulate, SYN: state
If an agreement, law, or rule stipulates something, it must be done

### mastery
1. through understanding or great skill
2. complete control or power over someone or something

### consistently
1. always behaving in the same way or having the same attitudes, standards etc - usually used to show approval
2. continuing to happen or develop in the same way

### progressive
1. supporting new or modern ideas and methods, especially in politics and education
2. happening or developing gradually over a period of time

## The example using PPF method: Regarding clothes that I wear
When I was younger, I was interested to choose and buy clothes.
I enjoyed watching clothes that were shown in displays and trying new one.
I thought that I was able to change myself wearing various clothes and I was concerned about how I appear to others like most of youth do.
I feel I had been caught by an idea that I must be look smart in order to live happier even if I know I'm not genius at all.

Now, I'm not concerned about how others think about me and I'm not interested in clothes. One of the reason that I do may be due to this pandemic that make us stay at home.
What's more, another reason is that I decided to focus on myself and people who I desire to get along with.
I made a decision to focus on how I feel, what I should do to live happily and comfortably, and what I can do to make people around me happier.
To do that, I'm learning English and improving my technical skills for my job.

I will keep improving myself henceforth to enjoy my life, not to be rich.
In addition, I will enjoy learning itself.

---
# Today
I can see a partial lunar eclipse this evening.
It was really a nearly total lunar eclipse thirty minutes ago.

When I was a kid, my brother and I used to see planets and stars using astronomical telescope that my elder brother was gave from our parents for his birthday.
He liked watching planets and stars, not like me.
I preferred watching movies, space adventure like Star Wars, to real stars.
Because it was cold to watch stars at night and I felt asleep to watch static stars.

Now, several companies are trying to reach space.
They are amazing and fantastic.
If I can, I'd like to stand on the moon someday.
It's supposed to be incredible experience.

---

# Study supplement
## Part.2
## Vocabulary
### due
1. expected to happen or arrive at a particular time
2. owed to someone either as a debt or because they have a right to it

### run late/early/on time
to arrive, go somewhere, or do something late, early, or at the right time

### be supposed to do/be something
1. used to say what someone should or should not do, especially because of rules or what someone in authority has said
2. used to say what was or is expected or intended to happened, especially when it did not happen
3. used to say that something is believed to be true by many people, although it might not be true or you might disagree
