+++
title =  "2021-01-06: English"
date = 2021-01-06T09:21:02+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2021/01/06 lesson

I will talk about how I keep my **motivation** to study **English**.
I try to **remember my goals** for studying English when I feel **stuck** with my English.

I have **three** goals.
Firstly, I want to **enjoy trip** to foreign countries.
Secondary, I want to work for **international company** using English or work **abroad**.
Lastly, I need to catch up with **new technology** so that I need to read **technical documents** and to attend **international conferences**.

I **remember** those goals once **a few months**.
That's my **measure** to continue to study **English**.

- - -

## Speaking 27

### Try.1

1. He had enough money to buy the house.
2. You must do your homework before you watch TV.
3. It will be **a lot of** fun to study at this school.
4. She is beautiful and ~~smart~~**intelligent**.
5. Why didn't Tom eat anything yesterday?
    - Why did Tom eat nothing yesterday?
6. She saw/**looked up at** the shining star.
7. When he came home/**back**, she felt happy.
8. I have never read the poem.
9. He was too hungry to sleep.
    - Since he was very hungry, he couldn't sleep.
10. That is the man everyone in the town respect**s**.

### Try.2

1. Why did Tom eat nothing yesterday?
2. It will be a lot of fun to study at this school.
3. I have never read the poem.
4. He had enough money to buy the house.
5. Since he was very hungry, he couldn't sleep.
6. She looked up at the shining star.
7. That is the man everyone in the town respects.
8. When he came back, she felt happy.
9. She is beautiful and intelligent.
10. You must do your homework before you watch TV.

## Speaking 28

### Try.1

1. I wonder who wrote such a beautiful poem.
2. The girl had ~~the~~ **a** basket which ~~is~~ **was** full of flowers.
3. He didn't say he knew her.
4. Did he say anything?
5. Where did you meat his sister?
6. She likes winter better than summer.
7. Were there a lot of things to see in that town?
8. His joke made her laugh.
9. Is that your jacket or his?
    - It's his.
10. How fat that man is!

### Try.2

1. She likes winter better than summer.
2. How fat that man is!
3. Where did you see his sister?
4. Did he say anything?
5. The girl had a basket which ~~is~~ **was** full of flowers.
6. I wonder who wrote such a beautiful poem.
7. His joke made her laugh.
8. Were there many things to see in that town?
9. Is that your jacket or his?
    - It's his.
10. He didn't say he knew her.
