+++
title =  "2021-04-01: English"
date = 2021-04-01T18:33:05+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Listening: 3-28

### Mode.1

1. She can't accept his discount because his offer is too small scale order.
2. The K-16 model has wider range of colour than the K-12 model.
3. The new model is smaller and cheaper than the older one.
    Moreover it has wider colour range than the older one.

### Mode.2

1. His offer is only twenty unit, it's too small scale order for her to discount.
2. The K-16 model is smaller and has wider range colour than the K-12 model.
3. The K-16 mode has some advantages like cheaper, smaller and wider range colour than the K-12 model.

### Mode.3

1. He ordered only twenty units. It's too small scale order for her to offer some discount.
2. The K-16 model has wider range of colour than the K-12 model.
    On the other hand, its lense is slightly smaller than the K-12.
3. The K-16 is cheaper and has wider range of colour than the K-12 model. 

### What they said

1. Her company can't really offer a discount on such a small-scale order.
2. Her company has just come out with a new K-16 model.
    It has almost all the same features as the K-12 except the lens is slightly smaller.
3. The K-16 is only $350 per unit. Plus it comes in a wider range of colors than the K-12.

### Answer

1. Because they can't offer a discount on a small-scale order.
2. It has almost all the same features as the K-12 except the lens is slightly smaller.
3. Its unit price is cheaper and it comes in a wider range of colors than K-12.

