---
title: "2021-07-27: English"
date: 2021-07-27T10:54:43+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Listening: 1-7

## CM.1: Squeakey Clean
Are you tired of cleaning your bathtub and shower everyday?
Is housework taking up too much of your precious time?
Does your bathroom cleaner cost too much?
New Squeakey Clean bath and shower cleaner is the answer to these problems.
Squeakey Clean is easy to use.
Just wipe it on and wash it off with water.
A job that used to take hours is done in just minute.
Use Squeakey Clean once and your bathroom will stay fresh and clean.
And Squeakey Clean is a bargain.
It costs one-third less than the most popular leading brands.
We compared the number one leading brand of cleaner to new Squeakey Clean.
The leading brand left dirt and oil behind.
New Squeakey Clean leaves behind nothing but a bright shine and a fresh, clean smell.
You've seen the rest.
Now try the best.
New Squeakey Clean - for a fresh, clean bathroom that lasts and lasts.

## CM.2: Dreamland
If you toss and turn in bed all night, it could be a signal that something is wrong with your sleep cycle.
If you look at the ceiling all night, wishing that you could fall asleep,
maybe you should ask your doctor about Dreamland.
Dreamland is a sleep medicine that gives you a good night's sleep.
Take on pill half an hour before bedtime.
You will sleep deeply and wake up with the energy you need to get through your busy day.
Try Dreamland.
It can help you get the sleep you need.

## CM.3: Orange Garden
Do you love shrimp?
Come to the Orange Garden for our special shrimp festival.
You can eat all the shrimp you want for one low price.
We bake them; we boil them; we fry them.
We have shrimp salad, shrimp soup, shrimp cooked in ways you've never dreamed of.
Wash it all down with a pitcher of ice cold beer
or any of a variety of soft drinks from our drink bar.
Satisfy your hunger and let us take care of the dishes.
Orange Garden.
Let us make your dreams come true.

## Mode.1

1. How to use "Squeakey Clean"?
  - Just wipe it on and wash it up with water.
2. How to drink "Dreamland"?
  - Take one pill half an hour before bedtime.
3. What events are there in "Orange Garden"?
  - You can eat variety of shrimp dishes and drink variety of soft drink.

## Mode.2

1. How to use "Squeakey Clean"?
  - Just wipe it on and wash it up with water.
2. How to drink "Dreamland"?
  - Take one pill half an hour before bedtime.
3. What events are there in "Orange Garden"?
  - Special shrimp festival will be held in "Orange Garden".

## Mode.3

1. How to use "Squeakey Clean"?
  - Just wipe it on and wash it up with water.
2. How to drink "Dreamland"?
  - Take one pill half an hour before bedtime.
3. What events are there in "Orange Garden"?
  - Special shrimp festival will be held in "Orange Garden".

## Answer

1. Just wipe it on and wash it off with water.
2. Take one pill half an hour before bedtime.
3. There is a special shrimp festival.
