---
title: "2021-10-22: English"
date: 2021-10-22T17:46:35+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/10/22 Current Events(BEA)

[Augmented Reality App Helps Reduce Fear of Spiders](https://eikaiwa.dmm.com/app/daily-news/article/augmented-reality-app-helps-reduce-fear-of-spiders/LRZbKCUDEeyynduGFs7vpg#exercise-1)

## Vocabulary and the example
I have a phobia about tight places.
When I stay in a tight closed space, I imagine that I will not be able to go out from the space and not be able to breathe gradually.
The idea frights me.

I don't think the phobia will improve even if I use the augmented reality app in the article.
Because apps of smartphones can't put a real tight place into reality, not  like spiders.

When it comes to jobs, I feel like claustrophobia when I work at the place where I can't improve myself.
I'm scared that I will not be able to change my job due to be specific with a certain company or institution for a long time.
I fear that I will be an engineer who looks very solemn and smart but doesn't have enough skills.
I work in the professions, software engineers who can work anywhere if I can speak English enough and have enough knowledge and skills about information technology.

I'm struggling with studying in order to be an engineer who can breathe everywhere comfortably.

### phobia
a strong unreasonable fear of something

### questionnaire
a written set of questions which you give to large number of people in order to collect information

### institution
a large organization that has a particular kind of work or purpose

### fright
a sudden feeling of fear

### augment
to increase the value, amount, effectiveness etc of something

### profession
a job that needs a high level of education and training

### constellation
a group of stars that forms a particular pattern and has a name

### solemn
1. very serious and not happy, for example because something bad has happened or because you are at an important occasion

---

# Today
It was drizzling and a bit chilly today.
I worked from home every day this week.
I don't go out from home even one step, so I don't do any exercises.
Because I have many things that I have to do for work.
I will go surfing tomorrow definitely.
