---
title: "2021-03-19: English"
date: 2021-03-19T10:31:21+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Review 2021/03/19 Lesson

### 1. Have a heart of gold
to be very kind and generous

* I'm trying to have a heart of gold, but I can't.
    I sometimes envy someone who is rich or talented and
    I sometimes can't be kind to others because I'm too busy.

### 2. Goldmine
something from which a person, company, etc. can earn a lot of money or 
that can provided a lot of something that people want.

* Online lectures are goldmine of opportunities on people who want to improve their skills.
    They can have those lectures whenever they want and from wherever they live.
    It's one of the few good things to come out of this pandemic.

### 3. Strike Gold
to do something that make you a lot of money

* A few people strike gold by investing.
    On the other hand, the other people lose their money.
    You shouldn't think that everyone who invest can become rich.

### 4. As good as gold
(of a child) to behave very well

* In my opinion, children don't have to be as good as gold.
    Children who don't listen to adults and do whatever they want are attractive, I think.

### What I wanted to say, but couldn't say well

The princess Mako is one of nieces of the Emperor. 
Most of Japanese want to her happiness. However, she has a trouble.
She got engaged to be married with a man who is a ordinary person, 
but he and his mother are suspected of fraud.
So many Japanese don't agree their marriage unfortunately.
Then, Emperor required her to have many Japanese glad to her marriage.
I wish her happiness and I hope that many Japanese give her blessing.

- - -

# Today

It's sunny and warm today.
I went surfing this early morning.
I go surfing early morning for a few days.
Because it's for my health about physically and mentally.
When I do some exercise early morning, I'm comfortable all day long.
I got sunburned, so may face is a little red.
Don't worry, it isn't due to drinking beer.

- - -

## Breaking news: Pigs are intelligent enough to play video games - 21st March, 2021

### Writing

I doubt whether we need to do more research into pigs' intelligence.
I don't think that we can do something if we know pigs intelligence better.
What do you want pigs to do?

### True/False

1. True
  - Researchers at Purdue University in the USA did that.
2. False
  - They did that on four pigs.
3. True
  - They had to move a joystick with their snout to make a cursor move to a coloured wall.
4. True
  - Dr. Candace Croney said that it's very clear they had some conceptual understanding of what they were being asked to do.
5. True
  - They played on three different levels during the last 50 rounds.
6. Falle
  - The higher levels had better treats
7. False
  - They clearly understood the connection between their own behavior, the joystick, and what was happening on the screen.
8. False
  - The researcher said that it was important to understand how pigs get information, and what they are capable of learning and remembering. It would help us to learn what pigs think of interacting with humans.

### Synonym Match
1. intelligent - e. cleaver
2. conducted - h. carried out
3. simple - b. straightforward
4. treat - g. reward
5. clear - a. obvious
6. extensive - d. large
7. connection - j. link
8. behavior - f. actions
9. interacting - c. mixing
10. environments - i. situations

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
  - I don't understand if we should understand what pigs think of.
  - Because they and we live together and we use them.
  - I mean that we always use them and eat them.
  - I think the goad of this research is to stop us eating them.
  - I don't know why but some people don't want to eat animals which have intelligence.
  - They must be hypocrites, I guess.
* b) What do you know about pigs?
  - I know them a bit.
  - They can snort smell better than humans.
  - Because they can find truffle by snorting its smell.
  - And of course, they tastes good very much.
* c) What's your favourite video game?
  - My favourite video games Mine Craft.
  - Because I can build anything in the game.
  - It's very creative, I think.
* d) What are your favourite treats?
  - My favourite treats are potato chips.
  - I'm loving it.
* e) How good are you at video games?
  - I'm not good at playing video games.
* f) How dangerous are pigs?
  - I don't think pigs are dangerous.
  - We can live together with them peacefully.
* g) How do different cultures look at pigs?
  - Some people look down at pigs.
  - They sometimes use word 'pigs' when they look down on others or laugh at them.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the researchers?
  - I would like to ask them why they are researching about pigs' intelligence?
  - Because I can't find the reason that they should do that.
