---
title: "2021-09-19: English"
date: 2021-09-19T09:49:53+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Homework
* Imagine an international exchange student is coming to live with you for a year. Talk about one holiday in your country, its meaning and significance, and what activities are held on that day.

Speaking of holiday in Japan, New Year's holidays is the most significant.
People thank that they could spend safely and happily the last year and pray for safety and health of their family in the coming year.

The holidays begins on New Year's Eve.
People offer mochi rice cakes to Gods to thank for spending safely this year.
And then, they eat Soba noodles that symbolizes a long life for dinner.
After that, they listen to the tolling of a bell for 108 times starting from midnight.
The reason is to remove pain and worries of the past year and welcome to the new year with a new and clear mind.

On New Year's day, people visit Shinto shrine to thank and pray to Gods.
For breakfast or lunch, they eat "Zoni" that is a Japanese soup containing mochi rice cakes.
The mochi rice cakes are that were offered to Gods the last year.
They believe that the offered mochi has power of Gods and to eat it brings power from Gods.

During New Year's holidays, their entire extended family gets together to celebrate the New year and has meals.
However, the trend of nuclear families is increasing in these year, so such a family reunion isn't be held usually.

This is the ordinary "Shogatu" for most Japanese.
