---
title: "2021-12-28: English"
date: 2021-12-28T14:58:42+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/12/28 Touchstone.3 Unit.4
I learned the Strategies activity in p.38.
I would say "Do what you want to without concern for others" about those topics in this section.
In my opinion, people mustn't concern how and what others think of themselves.
Because they live their own lives and they should enjoy themselves.
For example, if you were a dancer and stopped dancing when people tell you to stop, you don't enjoy, do you?
People should respect you, what you do, what you will do, and your willing.
Of course, also you should do that.
So that, everybody become happy, I think.

## Teens having jobs
In my opinion, it's good for teens to have a part time job sometimes.
Because they can know how important money is and how tough earning money is through jobs.
So that they will feel thanks for their parents.
For instance, they will use their things carefully and help their parents to do some chores.
Therefore, teens ought to have a part time job sometimes as long as it doesn't interfere with their studies.

## Spending time with family
I agree with that it's good to spend much time with family.
Because spending time with the family strengthens the family bond.
For example, if you were ....
So, you should spend more time with your family, I think.

---
# Review 2021/08/28
I'd like to be an energetic person.
However, I won't.
Because it's just characteristic.

## Appearance
* lanky, petite
* well built, puny
* brunette, blonde
* bald, voluminous
* mustache, goatee

## Mannerisms
* roll her eyes, sigh a lot
* tap their fingers, crack their knuckles
* nodding

## Character Traits
* well-mannered, good-manner, polite
* hot-headed, easily get angry
* introvert, shy person
* extrovert, friendly and like to talk with other people
* modest, humble, show-off, very proud

---
# Study supplement
## Part.4
## Vocabulary
### applaud
1. to hit your open hands together, to show that you have enjoyed a play, concert, speaker etc
2. to express strong approval of an idea, plan etc

### glamorous
attractive, exciting, and related to wealth and success

### cease
1. to stop doing something or stop happening

### humble
1. not considering yourself on your ideas to be as important as other people's

### devotion
1. the strong love that you show when you pay a lot of attention to someone or something
2. the loyalty that you show towards a person, job etc, especially by working hard

### promote
1. to help something to develop or increase
3. to help sell a new product, film etc by offering it as a reduced price or by advertising it