---
title: "2021-04-22: English"
date: 2021-04-22T18:56:05+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/04/22 Lesson - Pronunciation ER sound

## Vocabulary and the example

It is anticipated that a clerk would earn a good wage at the restaurant and
one of the perk of the job will be that the clerk could eat delicious lunch as staff meal.


### perk
something that you get legally from your work in addition to your wages, such as goods, meals or a car

### wage
money you earn that is paid according to the number of hours, days or weeks that you work

### anticipate
to expect that something will happened and be ready for it


## Notes
I should apply dropped syllable and care about word connection in order to speak naturally.

## Making a tongue twister (ER sound)

* Name: Mr.Bean
* Action: got a number of awards
* Why:because it attracted lots of viewers
* Place: on TV and theaters

Mr.bean got a number of awards, because it attracted lots of viewers on TV and theaters.


## What I couldn't say but I wanted
I'm not good at cooking, but I can do it a bit provided that I follow a recipe.
On the other hand, my wife is very good at cooking.
She can imagine dishes when she look at ingredients.
Moreover, she is good at multitasking about at least four or five tasks.
It seems to me that it's important to multitasking for cooking and many women can do it.
I'm not good at multitasking, so I often grilled meat or fish too much or forget what I need to do.

- - -

# today
It's fine today.
This week, Typhoon swell reached from Philippines,
so I could enjoy surfing well.
How about you? The typhoon was terrible?
