---
title: "2021-10-18: English"
date: 2021-10-18T22:51:55+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Today

[Breaking News English Lesson: Lost at Sea](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2110/211011-lost-at-sea.html)

## Vocabulary
I'd like to get away from the rat race which people compete with each other and cause trouble for each other.
I want to spend my time in the world where people respect and thank each other.
However, I know that such a beautiful world exists nowhere.
So, I will struggle with work and study to live more comfortably at least.
I've already set off from the past me and set out to the new job.
I'm not yet enough and I will have some havoc situations probably.
Only one thing I must do is to get my bearings way to where I want to go.
I will sometime upbeat and often downbeat hereafter, I guess.
I will be distressed and regret with precarious plight I have.
Nevertheless, I want to enjoy such an escapade challenge.

### inadvertently, SYN: accidentally, OPP: deliberately
without realizing what you are doing

### the rat race
the unpleasant situation experienced by people working in big cities, when they continuously compete for success and have a lot of stress in their lives

### set off
1. to start to go somewhere
2. to make something start happening, especially when you do not intend to do so

### set out
1. to start a journey, especially a long journey
2. to start doing something or making plans to do something in order to achieve a particular result

### embark, OPP: disembark
to go onto a ship or plane, or to put or take something onto a ship or plane

### havoc, SYN: chaos
a situation in which there is a lot of damage or a lack of order, especially so that it is difficult for something to continue in the normal way

### get/find your bearings
1. to find out exactly where you are

### upbeat, OPP: downbeat
positive and making you feel that good things will happen

### distressed
1. very upset
2. in a lot of pain

### precarious
1. a precarious situation or state is one which may very easily or quickly become worse
2. likely to fall, or likely to cause someone to fall

### plight
a very bad situation that someone is in

### escapade
1. an adventure or series of events that are exciting or contain some risk
