+++
title =  "2021-01-07: English"
date = 2021-01-07T09:21:02+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Speaking 29

### Try.1

1. I want you to listen to this song again.
2. Where did your daughter find this book?
3. You must not smoke here.
4. Bob's car broke down on the way there.
5. I want to take my wife to Paris.
6. Would you please call me again ~~past~~ **after** ten o'clock?
7. Why can he speak Japanese ~~such~~ **so** well?
8. She meats him once a month.
9. She will never meet them again.
10. That is ~~the~~ **a** chair my son made.

### Try.2

1. I want you to listen to this song again.
2. Why can he speak Japanese so well?
3. She will never see them again.
4. That is a chair my son made.
5. You must not smoke here.
6. Pleas call me again after ten.
7. She sees him once a month.
8. Bob's car broke down on the way there.
9. I want to take my wife to Paris.
10. Where did your daughter find this book?

## Speaking 30

### Try.1

1. That is the restaurant which opened last month.
2. How many years old was he when he wrote the poem?
3. They are going to stay at the hotel next week.
4. The boy ~~looked~~ **was** pale.
5. I wonder what flower that is?
6. Who opened the door?
7. ~~Did the boy become as tall as his father?~~
  - **Has the boy become as tall as his father yet?**
  - ~~Yes, he did.~~
  - **Yes, he has.**
8. He is always with Tom.
9. I have many things to learn.
10. You must not call her after ten o'clock.
  - Don't call her after ten.

### Try.2

1. He is always with Tom.
2. They are going to stay at the hotel next week.
3. The boy was pale.
4. Don't call her after ten.
5. That is the restaurant which opened last month.
6. I have a lot of things to learn.
7. Has the boy become as tall as his father yet?
  - Yes, he has.
8. How old was he when he wrote the poem?
9. I wonder what flower that is.
10. Who opened the door?
