---
title: "2021-02-15: English"
date: 2021-02-15T19:52:14+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## News: Professor lectures for two hours online - on mute 13th February, 2021

### Vocabulary

* get through
  7. to succeed in speaking to someone on the telephone
* viral
  2. passed on to other people on the Internet or using mobile phones
* redo
  1. to do something again
* mishap
  - small accident or mistake that does not have very serious results

### Discussion

* a) What did you think of maths classes?
  - I liked maths classes when I was a student.
  - However I enjoyed maths classes only until in high school.
  - Because it was too difficult for me to understand maths classes in university.
* b) Do you think online or face-to-face classes are better?
  - I think online classes are better.
  - Because you can have the classes under more comfortable room rather than the classroom.
  - For example, you can have any drinks and snacks you like during the classes.
  - Therefore, you will be able to focus on the classes.
  - On the other hand, TV or comics may lose your concentration.
* c) What do you think of online classes?
  - I think they're good for me.
  - Actually, I have English classes online since one year ago.
  - I don't have to commute and I can save my time.
* d) What do you think of two-hour lectures?
  - I think two-hour lectures are bit long.
  - Because I may not able to keep my concentration on the lectures for two hours.
  - For example, I heard that people can't keep their concentration for more than ninety-minutes.
  - Therefore, he ought to have his ninety minutes lectures, I think.
* e) What do you think of using technology in the classroom?
  - I think everyone should use technology in the classroom.
  - Because the objectives of lectures are to improve the students.
  - Therefore, we ought to use any technology for the students.
* f) How good are you at using technology?
  - I'm a software engineer, so I'm so familiar with using technology.
  - In addition, I like it and I'm a computer nerd.
* g) Why might it be difficult for teachers to teach online?
  - Because not all teachers are familiar with technology.
  - Therefore, they need assistants to help them use technology on their classes.  
* h) Is a computer or iPad better?
  - I think both are good.
  - So, you can use whichever you want to.
