---
title: "2021-06-04: English"
date: 2021-06-04T15:53:56+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/06/04 Lesson - Pronunciation

I learned about a central-vowel pronunciation.

## Notes

1. Be careful word clarity during reading
2. Don't put unnecessary pauses to speak naturally
3. Be mindful about [z] sound

## My favourite book

One of my favourite book is The Shawshank Redemption written by Stephen King.
He writes not only horror novels but also moving novels.
Is is one of moving novels.
The story is about a man who was arrested for murder of his wife and her lover, but he's innocent in fact.
He was got into a prison where there were many terrible prisoners.
He got a lot of troubles there, but he didn't give up to escape from there.
Finally he escaped from the prison twenty years later.
That's the plot.
I read the novel at first, and then I also watched the film.
Both the novel and the film are amazing and moving.

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say
I couldn't get enough sleep recently.
So, I ask my doctor to give me some pills for sleep.
I took it last night and I could get enough sleep.
However, today I feel dull, my body is heavy.
My teacher advised me to use sleep oil which you can feel relaxed.
It's a good idea, but my wife is sensitive for smell.
Therefore, I hesitate to use it.

- - -

# Today

It's windy and rainy today.
I'm not so good, I feel dull
Because I couldn't get enough sleep this week, I don't why.
So, I took a pill for sleep last night and I got enough sleep,
but it makes me feel bit dull.
Anyway, it's Friday today, so I will take some rest tomorrow.

How about you?
