---
title: "2021-02-11: English"
date: 2021-02-11T17:37:39+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Review 2021/02/11 Lesson - Idioms

### Idioms and the examples

#### 1. once in a blue moon
an event that happenes rarely

* You could go abroad freely, but now you only go there once in a blue moon.
* You see sharks once in a blue moon, however there it is. Be careful.

#### 2. when pigs fly
something that will never happen

* Since she is very organized, she will be late at meetings when pigs fly.
* The trip was so fun and I want to do it again, however it may when pigs fly.

#### 3. cost an arm and a leg
something is very expensive

* I want to buy a house, however it will cost an arm and a leg.
* Although she wanted to buy the camp, it cost an arm and a leg for her.
    Finally she decided to do that.

#### 4. a piece of cake
something is very easy

* I'm struggling with reading articles in English, it isn't really a piece of cake. 
* Everything is not a piece of cake for me, but I'm trying.

#### 5. let the cat out of the bag
to accidentally reveal a secret

* He has a loose tongue and let the cat out of the bag, so she is very angry.
* She often lets the cat out of the bag, so I don't want to tell her any secrets.

#### 6. to kill two birds with one stone
to solve two problems at once

* If he accepts our plan, we can kill two birds with one stone.
* I like killing two birds with one stone, because it's efficient.

#### 7. break a leg
means 'good luck'

* Break a leg!, you can do it!
* Break a leg, you will pass the exam.

#### 8. see eye to eye
this means agreeing with someone

* She doesn't always see eye to eye with her mother.
* I don't like him, however I say eye to eye with him eventually.

- - -

## Today

It's sunny, warm and comfortable today, so I took a walk and visit a shrine. On the way home, I did some shopping. I lazed around in the morning though.

I usually go to shrine at the beginning of the year, however I haven't gone yet until today.
Because there were a lot of crowed at the shrine at the beginning of the year, and I worried about infecting with the coronavirus.
