---
title: "2021-06-24: English"
date: 2021-06-24T15:27:45+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/06/24 lesson - Elective Listening

* What technology/software do you use at work every day?
I use the Teams of Microsoft for communicating with my colleagues at work every day. Because it's convenience, unlike an e-mail and a phone.
For example, I get irritated with a phone when I'm concentrating on my work, and I get worried about missing an important e-mail during my work.  
If you use any collaboration tools like the Teams, you don't have to feel like that. You can organize your meeting schedule and you can contact with the person you want to using it.

## Vocabulary

### overloaded
given too much to cope with.

### oversee
Oversee means supervise or manage.
To be in charge of a group of workers and check that a piece of work is done satisfactorily.

### counterintuitive
the opposite to what most people would expect.

### overwhelmed
completely overpowered by something, e.g. thoughts, feelings, work, pressure, etc.

### core
fundamental

### tenuous
weak or vague.
a situation or relationship that is tenuous is uncertain, weak, or likely to change.

### embrace
accept and appreciate something completely.
to eagerly accept a new idea, opinion, religion etc.

### hotshot
someone who is very successful and confident

### exaggeration
a statement or way of saying something that makes something seem better, larger etc then it really is

### live up to something
if something or someone lives up to a particular standard or promise, they do as well as they were expected to, do what they promised etc.

### genuinely
in a real and sincere way, used for emphasizing a particular quality

### skeptical
tending to disagree with what other people tell you

### toy with somebody/something
to think about an idea or possibility, usually for a short time and not very seriously

### when it comes to the point
used to talk about what happens when someone is in a difficult situation and has to make a difficult decision

### awkward
making you feel embarrassed so that you are not sure what to do or say

### walk somebody through something
to slowly and carefully explain something to someone or show someone how to do something

### inventory
a list of all the things in a place

### sideline
if you are sidelined, you are unable to play in a sports game because you are injured, or unable to take part in an activity because you are not as good as someone else

### credentials
someone's education, achievements, experience etc that prove they have the ability to do something

### intimidate
1. to frighten or threaten someone into making them do what you want
2. to make someone feel worried and not confident

### equivalent
having the same value, purpose, job etc as a person or thing of a different kind

### beg
to ask for something in an anxious or urgent way, because you want it very much

## Why you should treat the tech you use at work like a colleague

https://www.ted.com/talks/nadjia_yousif_why_you_should_treat_the_tech_you_use_at_work_like_a_colleague?referrer=playlist-itunes_podcasts_technology&language=en#t-3201

### Summary

Many technology projects are canceled or deliver things that are never used, today. Billions of dollars just being wasted each year.
The top management expects the technology help the employees, but in fact the employees get frustrated with it.
However, most of jobs today require digital skills. So, you need to able to work with technology.
For that, we need to have the right mindset that we work with the technology as our team member.
We can draw an organization chart including people and technology so that we can get along with the technology.
In addition, we can be happier and perform better without feeling intimidated ,if we can get to know the technology which we work with.

### Notes
1. Express my idea directly using simple and correct term.
2. Expand vocabulary using what I learned in my sentences
3. Be mindful pronunciation

- - -

# Today

I'm doing good, but little bit sleepy.
Because I couldn't fell asleep well, so I drank sake a bit much last night.

I worked from home today as always.
There was nothing special.
