+++
title =  "2021-02-19: English"
date = 2021-02-19T09:01:08+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## News: IKEA starts selling furniture for gamers - 17th February, 2021

### Discussion

* a) What do you think about what you read?
    - I think it's natural for IKEA to make furniture for gamers.
    - Because of this pandemic, the number of gamers has been increasing, I think.
    - In addition, the number of workers from home has been increasing, I'm also working from home.
    - Therefore, IKEA should make furniture for them and I expect IKEA to make comfortable and affordable furniture.
* b) What do you think of gaming?
    - I think it's good.
    - Because you can play a game online with your friends through Internet. 
    - So, you can get on well with your friends even if you stay home.
    - However, I try not to play games too much.
    - Because it wastes my time playing games too much, I have many thing to do.
* c) What are your favourite games?
    - My favourite game is Dragon Quest Builders, it's like Minecraft.
    - You can pile up blocks and build everything you want in the game.
    - You can express your creativity in it.
* d) Why might female gamers need different furniture?
    - Because Female gamers might need pretty cute and colorful furniture, I guess.
    - There is only black or white gaming furniture now.
    - So, I guess female gamers would like pink, yellow or gold gaming furniture.
* e) What furniture reflects your personality?
    - A desk and chair reflects my personality.
    - Because I'm a software engineer and I use them almost all day.
    - The desk and chair express my working style, I think.
* f) How would you describe your taste in furniture?
    - I like useful, comfortable and functional furniture.
    - As I said before, I use it almost all day and I want to work comfortably.
    - On the other hand, I don't care its color or decoration.
    - Simple is the best, if it's functional, even better.
* g) How might IKEA's furniture affect gaming ability?
    - I guess IKEA's furniture would give gaming ability good effects.
    - Because IKEA has been studied about comfortable furniture for years.
    - Therefore, gamers will be able to play games more comfortably than before.
* h) What questions would you like to ask the IKEA designers?
    - I would like to ask them what you want to change the current gaming furniture.
    - Because they might decided to make gaming furniture to change something bad of the current one.
    - I'm looking forward to new furniture they're going to make.
