---
title: "2021-02-20: English"
date: 2021-02-20T12:34:47+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Phrasal verbs Part.1

### 091: language **comes with** training

* Even though I know English comes with years of training, I'm irritated with my poor English especially when I can't say what I want to.

### 092: **get away** from someone

* If a stranger is following you even now, you ought to call for police at once.
  You should do it before you get into some troubles.

### 093: **get away** from it all

* Since I has been working from home due to this pandemic, I'm tired and bored with it and I want to get away from it all.

### 094: **get away** with cheating

* I wonder why many men think that they can get away with cheating on their wife. It would be impossible, I think.

### 095: **get back* home

* I have to get back home tonight because my wife and I are going to have her birthday party. In addition, I have to buy the birthday cake on the way home.


- - -

## Listening-06: What will we do for our daughter's graduation?

### Mode.1

1. Their daughter will graduate from college next month.
2. Her father will book a private room at her favorite restaurant.
3. Her mother will present a brows and a dark chocolate for her daughter.

### Mode.2

1. Their daughter will graduate from college next month.
2. Her father will book a private room at her favorite restaurant.
3. Her mother will present a designer brows which she wants and a dark chocolate which she has a weakness for her daughter.

### Mode.3

1. Their daughter will graduate from college next month.
2. Her father will book a private room at her favorite restaurant.
3. Her mother will present her daughter a designer brows which she wants and a dark chocolate which she has a weakness for.

### Answer

1. She's going to graduate from college.
2. He'll reserve a private room at their daughter's favorite restaurant.
3. She'll present a designer **blouse** and dark chocolate for her daughter.
