---
title: "2021-04-25: English"
date: 2021-04-25T17:19:43+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/04/25 Lesson - Elective listening

[How to be a leader - Motivational speech by Simon Sinek](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urrYhnaKvy4)

## What does it mean leading people?

Leading people means that you have a clear vision of a world that does not exist, a world that could exist, and by articulating the cause of the vision and the purpose over and over again.
It inspires people who believe what you believe, who want to see that world built to join to go with you to figure out ways.


### jotting down

* **Leadership is not a rank.**
* **Leadership is not a position.**
* **Leadership is a decision.**
* **Leadership is a choice.**

* **You're the problem**

If you look after people around you, you become a leader.

Sometimes, you're the problem.
They blame everything else except themselves.
His point is take accountability for your actions.

* **Blame everything else Except themselves**

* **Take credit**
* **take accountability**

If you want to be a elite warrior,
it's not about how tough you are,
it's not about how smart you are,
or it's not about fast you are.
You'd better get really good at helping people around you.
That's how people advance in the world.

* **Good at helping people**

* **Learn by practicing helping each others**
* **Ask for help**
* **Last to speak**
  - Only one thing you have to do is asking questions.

* **Clear vision**
* **Articulating this world**
* **Inspire others**

Leaders have followers who go where the leaders are going.
Leaders have followers who go in the direction that the leaders are pointing.

To lead others means that you have a clear vision of a world that does not yet exist, a world that could exist.
Leadership means is articulating this world in which the vast majority of us is.

* **I love my job**

Working hard for something we don't care about is called stress.
Working hard for something we love is called passion.

Every person on the planet has passion.
We just don't all have passion for the same thing.

## Vocabulary

### thrive
to become very successful or very strong and healthy

### constituency
an area of a country that elects a representative to a parliament

### disinterested
able to judge a situation fairly because you are not concerned with gaining any personal advantage from it

### articulate
1. to express your ideas or feelings in words

### entourage
a group of people who travel with an important person

### grateful
feeling that you want to thank someone because of something kind that they have done, or showing this feeling

### humility
the quality of not being too proud about yourself

### gratitude
the feeling of being grateful

### fame
the state of being known about by a lot of people because of your achievement

### seniority
1. if you have seniority in a company or organization, you have worked there a long time and have some official advantages

### Equation
1. a statement in mathematics that show that two amounts or totals are equal
2. the set of different facts, ideas or people that all affect a situation and must be considered together
3. when you consider that two things are similar or connected

### Decent leader
1. of a good enough standard or quality
2. following moral standards that are acceptable to society

### Render your opinion
1. to cause someone or something to be in a particular condition
2. to give something to someone or do something, because it is your duty or because someone expects you do
3. to express or present something in a particular way

### be meant for somebody
If two people are meant for each other, they are very suitable as partners for each other.

### empirical
based on scientific testing or practical experience, not on ideas

You should make a doubt about your empirical evidence.
Because the empirical evidence has subjectivity and prejudice.
You should focus on facts and science.

### despise
to dislike and have a low opinion of someone or something

I despise a person who don't pay their respects to others.
Because it seems to me that the person is satisfied with putting others down.

### lament
1. to express feelings of great sadness about something
2. to express annoyance or disappointment about something you think is unsatisfactory or unfair

## What I could't say but I wanted
Japanese government declared the third state of emergency in Tokyo, Osaka, Kyoto and Hyogo.
I live in Kanagawa prefecture next to Tokyo, so I don't have any restrictions.
However, I'm bit worried about many people who visit Kanagawa from Tokyo.
Because I live near the tourist spot, Enoshima island.
I suppose that a lot of tourists will visit Enoshima during Golden week.

By the way, a teacher said that she needs to have a pass which allows her to go out when the city is lockdown.
Even if she just exercises or goes shopping, she needs it.
In Japan, the government has no power to force people to stay at home, they can only just ask people to act with moral.
That's because America which defeated Japan at World War 2 built constitution to make the government not to have strong power.
And Japanese keep it for a long time because they also don't want to start and attend any war.

## Notes: I should care about the following things when I answer questions
1. I should write down notes during listening to a speech according to 5W1H.
2. I should practice more speaking at least two sentences every my turn in a conversation.
3. I should use OREO in order to avoid circling thought when I deliver my opinion.
4. I should use various synonyms, not using same words.

- - -

# Today

Yesterday, I took a walk to the nearest shrine and worshiped it with my wife.
And we explored our town and found a cafe or shop we didn't know.
Although we lived for four years in this town, we don't know many things.
It's fun to find something new.

- - -
