---
title: "2021-07-16: English"
date: 2021-07-16T11:35:40+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Listening: 4-37

## Introduction

I'm in Paris, standing in front of Auguste Rodin's world famous statue, The Thinker.
The statue is nearly two meters high.
There are copies of it in many museums and universities all over the world.
History tells us that The Thiner represents intelligence as well as poetry.
I'd like to find out what some modern people think about The Thinker.

## Person.1
Excuse me, sir?
What do you think what the Thinker is thinking?

Wait a minute.
His expression is very serious.
Clearly, he's thinking very deeply.
I think he's thinking about religion.
Perhaps, he's studied the Bible and spoken with a minister
but he isn't sure about his beliefs.
Maybe, he is saying a prayer.
Maybe he's wondering if there really is a God.

Thank you very much.

## Person.2
Excuse me, madam.
What do you think The Thinker is thinking?

Oh. I bet he's thinking about all the unknown beings in the universe.
Yeah, he thinks there must be living creatures on other planets and he wonders what they might be like.
Would they look like humans or would they have some other strange shape?
Would they be huge or tiny?
What color would they be?

That's very interesting. Thank you.

## Person.3
Sir, what do you think The Thinker is thinking?

As you can see, he has powerful muscle.
But he's been in that post with his right hand on his chin, leaning forward with his right elbow on his left knee for more than a hundred years, right?
And he's sitting on a cold hard rock, right?
I think he's thinking about visiting a medical specialist because his back is sore.

Possibly that's true.

## Person.4
Madam, what do you think The Thinker is thinking?

I think he remembers having a couple of drinks last night and now he's wondering how he got here and what happened to his clothes.

Thank you very much for that unusual opinion.

## Conclusion
Well, as you can see, different people all have different points of view.
What do you think the Thinker is thinking?
