---
title: "2021-11-16: English"
date: 2021-11-16T17:38:29+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/11/16 Current Events (BEA)

[Couple Find What May Be World's Largest Potato](https://eikaiwa.dmm.com/app/daily-news/article/couple-find-what-may-be-worlds-largest-potato/kO71GD43Eey-US9EOhp8Bw)

## Vocabulary
It's really humid and hot in summer, Japan.
Some mold are tend to grow in a bathroom, and food can rot sooner.
The mold can bring us a bad condition like asthma.
My wife is extremely cleanly and tidy, so she often washes the bathroom and checks food well if it's decaying or not at a supermarket.

When I was a kid, my parents didn't care about rotting food very much.
They used to smell food and said "It doesn't smell bad, probably it's good. Even if your stomach hurts, you should just be patient.".
However, they took care about if the bathroom is clean.
Because Japanese people like bathing.

### rot
1. to decay by a gradual natural process, or to make something do this

### decay
1. to be slowly destroyed by a natural chemical process, or to make something to do this
2. if buildings, structures, or areas decay, their condition gradually becomes worse

### mold/mould
4. a soft green, grey, or black substance that grows on food which has been kept too long, and on objects that are in warm wet air

### specimen
1. a small amount or piece that is taken from something, so that it can be tested or examined
2. a single example of somethings, often an animal or plant

### parasitic
1. living in or on another plant or animal and getting food from them

### fungus
a simple type of plant that has no leaves or flowers and that grows on plants or other surfaces

### asthma
a medical condition that causes difficulties in breathing

### decompose
1. to decay or make something decay
2. to divide into smaller parts, or to make something do this

---

# Today
Lately, the temperature has been dropping, and I can feel winter coming.
Especially I feel it when I surf.

I worked from home today as usual.
These days I have been preparing for hand over, because I'm going to move to another department next month.
I have finished developing my software which will be release this Thursday, and I have been making documents about it.

I'm a bit nervous for moving another department, I'm not sure if I will be able to fit the team which I will belong to.  
In any case, what I can do is to do my best what I have to.
I will do that and I will keep preparing changing my job.

I will have an exam of technical vendor about Linux next month.
And I will have another exam in this year.

I will keep moving forward.
