---
title: "2021-10-19: English"
date: 2021-10-19T13:55:22+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/10/19 Multimedia Listening (BEA)

[A Mysterious Hungry Creature of the Deep | The Aquatic World with Philippe Cousteau](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKTy_pC50NM)

## Vocabulary
The giant isopod became famous for tis strange looks in Japan several years ago.
Some TV programs broadcasted that it died after without eating for five years.
However, the laster study found the reason of its death not death from hunger.
It's curious, isn't it?

Anyway, in my case, I can't stand without eating for a long time.
I like eating that if I were not full even when I eat much, I would keep eating.
When it comes to my favorite, I like saury in Autumn.
A seasonal fish, saury, is very delicious now in Japan.
However, a scarcity of the fish repeats in these years, we don't the reason.
I guess it's due to climate change.
I'm afraid that I will not be able to eat it in the future.

### chronicle
a written record of a series of events, especially historical events, written in the order in which they happened

### crustacean
an animal such as a lobster or a crab that has a hard outer shell and several pairs of legs, and usually lives in water

### isopod
sea creature

### invertebrate
a living creature that does not have a backbone

### scarcity, SYN: lack
a situation in which there is not enough of something

### carnivore
1. an animal that eats flesh

### barely,
1. only with great difficulty or effort, SYN: only just
2. almost not, SYN: hardly

# Today

I'm fine and I worked from home as usual.
Today is cloudy and chilly.
