---
title: "2021-08-17: English"
date: 2021-08-17T17:57:06+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/08/17 Lesson - Current Event

[Breaking News English Lesson: Isolation](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2104/210428-isolation.html)

## Notes
* Utilize more vocabulary I learned

## Vocabulary and the example
We live surrounded with all mod cons now.
For example, smartphones, smartwatches, computers, TV, Internet, and so on.
Most of us dwell in cities, especially in Japan.
Nearly forty percent of the population lives in the Tokyo metropolitan area.
Those who live in a city tend to like to go to country side to be familiar with the mysteries of nature, like caves.
I've been to a cave has beautiful stones which look like jewels.
Those stones are made of limestone which are melted through weathering process for thousands of years.
You can enjoy them imagining history of the Earth, even without any gadgets.

### all mod cons (modern convenience)
all the things that are fitted in modern houses to make life easy and comfortable

### dwell
to live in a particular place

### limestone
a type of rock that contains calcium

### weathering
Weathering describes the breaking down or dissolving of rocks and minerals on the surface of the Earth. Water, ice, acids, salts, plants, animals, and changes in temperature are all agents of weathering.

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say
My wife always cooks, and I sometimes cook Okonomiyaki every two or three months.
Okonomiyaki is sort of savory pancake of Japanese version.
It's made of cabbage, Japanese yam, flour, eggs, broth and some protein like seafood or thin sliced pork.
Takoyaki is similar to Okonomiyaki, I can cook it, too.

---

# Today

I'm doing good.
I worked from home today as usual.
I've been working from home since this pandemic happened.

It's raining today.
