---
title: "2021-12-06: English"
date: 2021-12-06T08:48:44+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/12/06 Touchstone.3 (ALEX)
I learned expressions that I can use in expressing my opinion.

## 1.
It's really bad for kids, when they come home from school to an empty house.
Remember when one parent used to stay at home with their kids?
Nowadays, both parents are at work.

In my opinion, both parents need to work for their family's happiness even if they want to stay at home with their kids.
Especially in Japan, as the younger population decreases, people have heavy taxes for elderly people.
For example, people have to pay a half of the income for taxes.
In addition, taxes will keep increasing.
If parents are rich, one of them can stay at home with their kids.
If you aren't, both of you need to work.

## 2.
A lot of families don't have meals together anymore.
That's not a good thing.
Whatever happens family dinners?

## 3.
You know? There's a lot of pressure on kids to get good grades so they can get college.
They have to study all the time.
It's just not healthy.

I totally agree with it.
Too much pressure can give damage to kids' mental health.
What's more, they may dislike learning.
It's too bad from them to live through life.
Because we need to keep learning to survive the world.
If you find learning fun, you can learn enjoyably.
It's the most important for kids to find learning a lot of fun.

## 4.
It's nice when grandparents can take care of the kids, like when parents are busy.
I mean it's better than having a baby sitter stay with them.

## 5.
My son is still in high school and he wants to get a part time job.
But you know, I'm not sure it's good idea.
I mean he's already so busy with school an everything.

---
# Today
Starting in this month, I work with a new team.
Being transferred to another department, I'm busy to try to catch up with my colleagues.
Having many things to do, I'm a bit tired this week.
Reading a lot of documents for the project that I will be charged with, I'm setting up my work environment at the office.

---
# Review 2021/11/03 Conversation - Modifying comparisons
I will work really comfortably and happier than a month ago.
Because my colleagues in the current team is much organized and enthusiastic for their work than members of the previous team.
The previous team was totally different from teams that I've ever belonged to.
They didn't know any effective methods of software development and didn't try to acquire new knowledge and methods.
The team was nowhere near with as good as one that I've ever belong to.

---
# Study supplement
## Part.3
## Vocabulary
### set something aside
1. to keep something, especially a particular amount of money, so that it can be used for a special purpose

### comprehensive, SYN:thorough
1. including all the necessary facts, details, or problems that need to be dealt with
