---
title: "2021-12-03: English"
date: 2021-12-03T18:29:38+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/12/03 Conversation - the AIDA model
AIDA stands for Attention, Interest, Desire and Action.

## Homework
Choose one of the products you often use and encourage other people to use it.

Complaining of the awkward keyboard, which came with your computer for free when you bought it, until when are you keep using it?
These years, we have to spend most of a day at work with a computer.
Don't you think that you should think about your keyboard seriously?

Cowboys of Western America leave their horses when the horses died, but they carry their saddles no matter how far they walked in the desert.
Because horses are consumables and saddles are the interface that they have grown accustomed to.
Nowadays, computers are consumables, and we should not forget that the keyboard is an important interface that can be used for a lifetime.

Have you ever felt that your typing sound is a bit noisy? There is a keyboard with a quiet sound of typing.
Have you ever been irritated when your keyboard occupied your desk? There is a compact one with only the keys you need.
Have you ever been tired of typing? There is an ergonomic keyboard that is designed to reduce your stress.

Let's look for your own keyboard that makes you feel comfortable and happy to work.

## 1. Attention
Grab the attention of the audience with a powerful image.
The goal is to use powerful words or a picture that will catch the audience's ears, and make them stop and listen to what you have to say next.

* attention-grabbing statement
    - statistic of fact
    - ask a question
    - include your audience in the picture you're trying to paint

By making them part of the story, you're embedding an emotional connection between them and your speech.

## 2. Interest
Build up the interest.

Stir interest with a proposition or an idea.

* transitions
    - until today
    - as you know
    - as a matter of fact
    - in fact

## 3. Desire
Focus on the desires of the audience.

AS you're building the listeners' interest, you also need to help them understand that what you're offering can help them in a real way.
The main way of doing this is by appealing to their personal needs and wants.

* transitions
    - to shed light
    - as a course of action
    - fortunately

## 4. Action
Finish with a call to action.

Finally, be very clear about what action you want your listeners to take.

* transitions
    - So, what are you waiting for?
    - Together
    - To act
    - etc. You can use verbs to encourage action

## Vocabulary
### course
6. the general plans someone has to achieve something or the general way something is happening

### hand-in-hand
1. if two things go hand in hand, they are closely connected
2. if two people walk, stand etc hand in hand, they walk, stand etc while they are holding each other's hand

### as a matter of fact
used when adding more details about what you have just said

### stir
4. to make someone have a strong feeling or reaction

### proposition
2. a suggestion, or something that is suggested or considered as a possible thing to do

### arrest
3. if something arrests you or arrests your attention, you notice it because it is interesting or unusual

### accuse somebody of (doing) something
to say that you believe someone is guilty of a crime or of doing something bad

### lethargic, SYN:lazy, OPP:energetic
feeling as if you have no energy and no interest in doing anything

### reform
2. to change your behavior and become a better person, or to make someone do this

### sluggish
moving or reacting more slowly than normal

### apathetic
not interested in something, and not willing to make any effort to change or improve things

### lessen, SYN:reduce
to become smaller in size, importance, or value, or make something do this

---
# Review 2021/11/25 Conversation - Participle clauses
Starting in this month, I work with a new team.
Being transferred to another department, I'm busy to try to catch up with my colleagues.
Having many things to do, I'm a bit tired this week.
Reading a lot of documents for the project that I will be charged with, I'm setting up my work environment at the office.

Overwhelmed by lots of things to do, I enjoyed my work this week.
Assigned the task about network for the project, I think I will be able to contribute to my team earlier.

Having been bored and tired with the team members at the previous team, I didn't expect that the next team will be nice for me.
However, it doesn't seem that the members of this team are not like that at all.
On having finished the tough project, they are tackling with the next project.
It seems to me that they are so professional and smart.

I hope that I will keep enjoying my work with them for a long time.

---
# Today
I worked from home today as usual.
It's already winter.