---
title: "2021-02-14: English"
date: 2021-02-14T19:38:37+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Review 2021/02/12 Lesson - Business meeting

Good morning everyone.
It's been bit cold lately, how is everyone doing?

Would you like something hot to drink?
OK, I'll have them served for you in a bit while.

I could see that everyone's here, so let's get down to business.
I'm afraid Mr.A can't be with us today.
Because he is going to attend a meeting with our customer this afternoon.

Let me give you a short background of our discussion today.
As you may know, we have some troubles in our system yesterday.
It stopped suddenly during validation test for the customer's product.
Moreover it lost a part of our customer's data.
Needless to say, it affected the schedule of the test.
So, we need to talk about how we find the cause of the trouble and how we can solve it.
In addition, we have only one hour.
Because we have to give some information to Mr.A so that he need to explain this trouble to our customer briefly.

First, I'd like to ask Mr.B to tell us about the troubles in details.

* Mr.B is speaking.
* Mr.C cut in Mr.B speaking.

Sorry Mr.C, can we let the Mr.B finish?

* Mr.B finish his speaking.

Thank you, Mr.B.
As you said, we may have some troubles in our cloud system.
Mr.C, what do you think from our cloud system viewpoints?

* Mr.C is speaking, but he started blaming for the reckless development schedule.

Mr.C, I understand what you're getting at,
however I'm afraid you're side-tracking.

Remember, we only have one hour for this.
Mr.A need to know the cause of this trouble and what to do about it this afternoon in order to explain to our customer.

OK, let's move on the the next point.
What should we do to solve this trouble?

* Everyone is discussing about it.
* And the discussion is finished.

Let me summarized what we've come up this meeting.
The cause of this trouble may be from our cloud system.
And we can restore the customer's data which was lost from the backup storage.
In addition, we can make our cloud system redundant, just in case the next trouble happens.

I think we can close the meeting now.
I'll give this information to Mr.A at once.
Thank you everyone.
