---
title: "2021-10-30: English"
date: 2021-10-30T18:37:48+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/10/30 Conversation (KAT)
I learned the present perfect with just, yet, already and still.

## Just
Just used with the present perfect means 'a short time before'.
Just comes between the auxiliary verb (have/has) and the past participle.

## Yet
Yet used with the present perfect means 'at any time up to now'.
We use it to emphasize that we expect something to happen soon.
Yet in only used in negative sentences and questions.
Yet comes at the end of the sentence or question.

## Still
Still used with the present perfect means that something hasn't happened.
We use it to emphasize that we expected the thing to happen earlier.
Still is only used in negative sentences.
Still comes between the subject and the auxiliary verb.

## Already
Already used with the present perfect means 'before now'.
We use it to emphasize that something happened before something else or earlier than expected.
Already can come between the auxiliary and the main verb or at the end of the clause.

## The example using the present perfect
Japan's House of representatives election has been held for about two weeks.
Although it still hasn't finished, it will end 8pm today.
I wouldn't like to vote in crowded place and I've chosen the candidate and the political party that I would vote before, so I've already voted earlier than the election day.
Now, the election has just finished.
The result of the election will not be clear until tomorrow morning.
Anyway, this pandemic hasn't ended yet, so I hope that the next government will handle this difficulty well.

---

# Today
It's good Saturday.
I woke up at noon and had lunch.
After that, I went to shopping and then had my hair cut.
Because my hair had grown out and it was annoying, and it took time to dry my hair and it interfered surfing.
Now, my head is light due to hair cut.
It's convenient to dry my hair and surfing.
