---
title: "2021-11-22: English"
date: 2021-11-22T14:12:32+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/11/22 Touchstone3 (ALEX)
## Other expressions you may use in expressing your opinion
* what I mean is
* I figure that
* From my point of view
* I'm of the opinion that
* If you ask me
* To be honest
* Honesty I think
* My point of view is that
* Well, if you ask me
* It seems obvious that
* The main points are
* The essential point is
* I'd say that
* I'd suggest that

## The example using those expression
I always read news online every morning.
I often feel bad when I read it.
Because there are a lot of bad news in it.
Honesty I think that most of writers just make articles just about bad things.
I know that terrible news are more attractive for many people than happy one.
However, if you ask me, they do that too much.
They make people unhappy and get rid of energy to become happy from people.
I'd suggest that they should make a rule that they write a happy article when they make unhappy one.
What I mean is that we should be happier by focusing good aspects.
It's similar to building relationship with others, isn't it? 

---
# Today
It's rainy today.
The weather forecast says that it will be much colder in two days.
Winter is coming.

---

# Review 2021/10/27 Conversation - say it better in English

I heard that a bedtime of between 10pm and 11pm is the best.
To sleep between these times have a lower risk of heart disease.

In my opinion, the bedtime is too early when I commute to work because it takes one and a half hours to go to the office.
If I go to bed between these times, I need to leave the office at four of the clock.
It's too early.

However, now I can do that because of this pandemic.
Now I usually work from home, therefore I do not have to commute.
Although I sometimes can not fall asleep immediately at the bedtime, it's acceptable to start working from home at nine even if I wake up at eight of clock.

In conclusion, working from home make me happy and healthy.
I know this pandemic is tragedy for everyone.
Notwithstanding, I'm glad to work from home and wish that I will be able to do that after the pandemic.

## Vocabulary

### causation
1. the action of causing something to happen of exist

### cardiovascular
relating to the heart and blood vessels

---

# Study supplement
## Part.3
## Vocabulary

### call somebody/something off, SYN: cancel
1. to decide that a planned event will not take place
2. to officially decide that something should be stopped after it has already started
