---
title: "2021-09-25: English"
date: 2021-09-25T14:02:14+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/09/25 Conversation (KAT)

## Notes
1. Review the irregular past participle
2. Be mindful of the singular/plural of the verb
3. Be familiar with if conditionals

## If conditionals
0. The Zeroth Conditional
  - General truths and general habits
  + IF + PRESENT SIMPLE, PRESENT SIMPLE
    - What is always true
  + IF + PAST, PAST
    - What was always true
1. The First Conditional
  + Possible to happen
    - Likely things in the future
  - IF + PRESENT SIMPLE, WILL + VERB(BASE FORM)
2. The Second Conditional
  - Unlikely to happen
  - IF + PAST, WOULD + VERB(BASE FORM)
3. The Third Conditional
  - Happen in the past and the imaginary results
  - IF + PAST PERFECT, WOULD HAVE + VERB(PAST PARTICIPLE)

## The example
If our birthdays came, my wife and I celebrated just the two of us so far.
However, if this pandemic is gone, we will celebrate our birthdays and our friends' birthdays with our friends.
Because our friends and we have not met in person since COVID-19 came.
I'd like to catch up with my friends drinking beer.
I sometimes think that we would have enjoyed traveling if this severe situation have not occurred.
Anyway, it can't be solved by thinking about that.
So, I will look good aspects of this situation.
I don't have to commute to the office and I can use my time effectively.
Although COVID-19 is too bad, it doesn't change the world to hell like films:"The Walking Dead" or "I Am Legend".
If this virus was the zombie virus, most of us would not survive now.
We overcome this situation if we have imagination and humor, I think.

---

# Today
I went to have a certification exam of a technology vendor and passed it.
I will have several certification exams hereafter.
Because I need to keep improving my skill to catch up with the latest technology.

By the way, I went to the city after a long time, about 4 months.
Although there were many people, it was not too crowded.
Many people refrain from going out to the crowded place, I guess.
The number of patients with COVID-19 is decreasing in the past week.
What's more, the vaccine coverage is increasing.
So, the government will lift the emergency declaration next week.
It sounds good.

I got the second does of vaccine this Tuesday.
Fortunately, I didn't have any side-reactions aside from that my arm hurt a little.
I heard that one of my teachers has a serious side effect.
In fact, she was absent in her class.
I wish she will be fine as soon as possible.
