---
title: "2021-03-05: English"
date: 2021-03-05T17:48:35+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/03/05 lesson - Idioms

### Idioms and the examples

#### 1. get one's feet wet (on something)
to try something new for the first time; to start doing something new

* I should get my feet wet on learning new technique every year in order to catch up with the latest technology.  

#### 2. end in smoke
to end in failure; to fail to produce positive results; to be destroyed or ruined

* Even if your efforts end in smoke, you will have grown in some way.

#### 3. full of beans
energetic and enthusiastic; high-spirited adventurous people are always full of beans.

* I'm full of beans today because I slept enough last night.

#### 4. give (someone) a piece of (one's) mind
to express one's opinion; to passionately express dissatisfaction or disagreement

* Even if you give him a piece of your mind, you can't change him so that you should change yourself.


#### The example

When I was in a middle school, I belonged to the soccer club.
Because I thought it would be fun.
I got my feet wet on playing soccer.
I was full of beans at first and practiced soccer a lot.
However, I felt like that my efforts ended in smoke because it was tough for me to become a good soccer player.
Therefore, I gave up to become a good player, I decided to just have fun to play soccer.
Since then, I gradually became a better soccer player.
I always played hard at soccer games, so nobody gave me a piece of their mind.
It was good memory.
