---
title: "2021-05-08: English"
date: 2021-05-08T15:48:32+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/05/08 Lesson - Elective Listening

[What is the sharing economy?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5y2P4z7DM88)

The word economy can be seen as a bit of a dirty word these days.
But add the word sharing and suddenly things seem a little brighter.
However with just 5% of the UK public alone fully understanding what the sharing economy is.
Here's a brief guide to what it actually means to you and me.

Let's start right at the beginning.
We've been sharing things for thousands of years,
with neighbors lending each other food, borrowing tools, and allowing friends to stay whenever they need a place to crash.

This isn't a new thing,
and with new technology the sharing economy is enabling this human trait to grow,
and enable both local and international transactions.
Today there are thousands of sharing economy websites which will give you the option to share well almost anything.

For example, say you have a spare room for a week which you'd like to rent out.
Or maybe you need to travel across country.
The sharing economy means you can see who else from your city is making the
same journey and grab a ride.

It's not all about the money,
many of the transactions that pass through the sharing economy do so without cash ever changing hands.
After all, the more we spend, the more we consume, and the more we waste.
Mankind's obsession with ownership appears to be at a tipping point,
and the sharing economy is perhaps the beginning of the antidote.

In 2013 alone, the UK benefited from 4.6 billion pounds of savings and earnings from the sharing economy.
And this is only set to grow.

So, the next time you have a room going spare, an empty seat in your car, or a talent you think others benefit from.
If you choose to share it then, you'll be adding to this new and vibrant economy.

## Summary
Sharing economy looks becoming important for us recently,
but we don't know about it very much.

We've been sharing things for thousands of years.
Now we can share almost everything with new technology.

Actually we got already benefited from much money from the sharing economy.
And this is only set to grow.

Therefore, we'd better choose to share our things to grow the economy.

## Homework
* What are the advantages in living in a productive country?

I think that the advantage is that people who live in a productive country can live comfortably, healthfully, and peacefully.
Because the government of the country can pay enough public officers and build enough public facilities, for example music halls, museums, national parks, hospitals, police stations and so on.
Therefore, people can enjoy music or art, have enough treatment, and be protected from criminals.

## Vocabulary

### transaction
1. a business deal or action, such as buying or selling something

### dedication
hard work or effort that someone puts into a particular activity because they care about it a lot

### tipping point
the moment when one particular result of a process becomes the most likely one, after a period when the result is not sure

### antidote
1. a substance that stops the effects of a poison
2. something that makes an unpleasant situation better

### crash
7. to stay at someone's house for the night
8. to go to bed, or go to sleep very quickly, because you are very tired

### trait
a particular quality in someone's character

### obsession
an extreme unhealthy interest in something or worry about something, which stops you from thinking about anything else

### set to
to start doing something eagerly and with determination

### add to
to make a feeling or quality stronger and more noticeable

- - -

# Today

I took a walk with my wife today.
We walk around near my house and went to a park.
The park has a hill where you can have a fun to hike.
