---
title: "2021-02-23: English"
date: 2021-02-23T19:13:04+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Review 2021/02/23 lesson - Phrasal verbs: Through and Back

### A. Through

#### 1. sleep through *sth*
1. to sleep while something is happening and not be woken by it

* It was ten years ago, I went for a business trip and stayed at a hotel. In the middle of the night, I heard a man and a woman arguing with each other in the room next door. It kept for about two hours. I could't sleep through it.

#### 2. flick/flip through *sth*
to look at a book, magazine, set of photographs etc quickly

* She always throws away any leaflets which are sent us free without flicking through them.

#### 3. look through *sb/sth*
1. to look for something among a pile of papers, in a drawer, in someone's pockets etc.

* Since there were a lot of papers piled up on his desk, he was not be able to find his paper that he wanted even if he looked through all paper.

#### 4. go through *sth*
7. to search something in order to find something in particular

* I went through my pockets looking for the key of my car, however I didn't find it. So, I was worried that I might not be able to go home.

#### 5. take *sb* through *sth*
- If you **take** *someone* **through** *something*, you explain it or show them how to do it
- to help someone learn or become familiar with something, for example by talking about each part in turn  

* The teacher took me through the sentences again, however I still didn't understand them.

#### 6. see through *sth/sb*
1. see through somebody/something to realize that someone is trying to deceive you

* She saw through his lies, however she let him do what he wanted for a while in order to use him.

### B. Back

#### 1. send *sth* back
to return something to the place it came from

* If you use Amazon wardrobe, you can order any clothing and shoes online.
  If you're not satisfied with them, you can send them all back.
* If you don't like it, you can send it back provided that you bought it within the last 7 days.

#### 2. take *sth/sb* back
2. back to take something you have bought back to a shop because it is not suitable

* You don't have to take it back in person, you can send it back.
* You can't take it back without the receipt proved you bought it.

#### 3. call/phone/ring *sb* back
to telephone someone again, for example because they were not at home when you telephoned lat time

* I'm afraid that he is away from his desk. Would you like him to call you back?
* I'm sorry, I got to go. I'll call you back later.

#### 4. e-mail *sb* back

* I'm too busy now, so I will e-mail you back bit later.
* I won't e-mail back someone who wants me to answer it quickly.
    Because e-mail allows me to answer whenever I want.

#### 5. answers *sb* back
to reply in a rude way to someone that you are supposed to obey

* As the young men answered his boss back, he got fired.
* I don't trust someone who answers back to his parents or friends.

#### 6. go back
4. if people go back a particular length of time, they have known each other for that length of time

* My best friend and I go back twenty years.
* I have no friends who goes back for years.

#### 7. bite back

* She decided to bite back if he insults her next time.
* I don't want to bite back even if someone insults me, because I think that it's tiring, boring and worthless.

#### 8. bite [sth] back
1. to stop yourself from saying or showing what you really think

* It's distress to bite back what I really feel, so I decided to say everything I feel.
* I bit back what I was about to say because I was sure that it must make him angry.
