+++
title =  "2021-02-12: English"
date = 2021-02-12T17:00:48+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Preparation for today's English class

### Opening

#### 1.1 Greetings

Good afternoon everyone.
How is everyone doing?

#### 1.2. Polite offers

Would you like some drinks?
I'll have them served for you in a while.

#### 1.3. Starting the meetings

I could see that everyone's here, so let's get down to business.

#### 1.4. Welcoming the participant

I'd like to introduce Ms.X.
She's also a English teacher at Merise.

#### 1.5. Acknowleding the absense of the participant

I'm afraid Ms.Raf can't be with us today.
Because she has to attend another meeting today.

#### 1.6. Stating the objectives of the meeting

I've called this meeting in order to find better ways to learn English for students.

### 2.1. Introducing Discussion

Firstly, we should discuss the matter about what would you tell a student who lost the motivation in order to encourage the student?

### 2.2. Calling on a speaker

To begin with, Ms.Yvee, I'd like you to tell us your ideas.

### 2.3. Controlling the meeting

Sorry Ms.X, can we let Mr.Yvee finish first?

I think we are sidetracked.

#### 2.4. Referrring to time boundaries

I'm afraid we've run out of time.

#### 2.5. Moving the discussion

Let's move on to the next point.
The next point is how to measure how well the student can speak English.
For example, even if you get a high score at TOEIC, it doesn't mean you can speak English well.

#### 2.6. Summarizing

So, I want to summarize this meeting.
We should tell a student who lost the motivation for learning English ...
And we can measure English skill by ...

#### 2.7. Closing the meeting

I think we've covered everytthing.
The meeting is closed.
Thank you.
