---
title: "2021-03-23: English"
date: 2021-03-23T17:41:01+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Review 2021/03/23 lesson - Shadowing

## vocabulary

* adoration
    - great love and admiration
* admiration
    - a feeling of great respect and liking for something or someone
* overwhelm
    - if someone is overwhelmed by an emotion, they feel it so strongly that they cannot think clearly
* recalibrate
    - to check or slightly change an instrument or tool, so that it does something correctly
* unsurpassed
    - better or greater than anyone or anything else
* truckload
    - the amount that fills a truck
* humbled
    - not considering yourself or your ideas to be as important as other people's
* serenity
    - very calm or peaceful
* profoundly
    - extremely
* uncertain
    - feeling doubt about something, unsure
    - not clear, definite or decided, unclear

### What I couldn't say but I wanted to say

Did you go for looking at cherry blossoms?
Yes, I took a walk around my apartment and looked at beautiful cherry blossoms.
Now, those cherry blossoms is going to fall its petals.
It's beautiful how the cherry blossoms fall.

I like a rock band, Linkin Park. I like "Faint" the best.
Mike Shinoda sings a wrap part and Chester Bennington sings a shout part.
I like the melody and the two singing voice.
The teacher knew "Numb" of their music. I like it, too.

In Japan, the beginning of the business year is April, not January.
Because new Year's day is the most important holiday in Japan.
Many people go back their hometown to spend the New Year's holiday with their family and take some rest.
Therefore, the government decided that July was the beginning of the business year at first.
However, many Japanese were very busy to prepare their rice fields in July. So, the government decided that April was the beginning eventually.
Because, they thought that the bloom of the cherry blossom and the start working or school were fit as the beginning of the business year for many Japanese.
As the result, April is the beginning of the business year.

- - -

## Today

I worked from home today as usual.
There was nothing special.
I sat down and was typing a keyboard to coding a software all day.
And I couldn't wake up early, so I didn't go surfing this morning.
It is said that the early bird gets the worm, but there was no worm because I woke up late.

The last lesson, I learned the difference S and Z sound.
In today's lesson, I will learn shadowing again.
