---
title: "2021-08-05: English"
date: 2021-08-05T15:52:09+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/08/05 Lesson - Conversation

1. Do you think there are aliens somewhere in the universe?
  - I think so. There are many planets in the universe,
  so there must be the planet where some kind of living beings live.
  For example, some aliens may inhabit on the Mars.
  Since it's more interesting when I imagine such aliens,
  I'd like to think that they exist.
2. What do you think aliens look like?
  - They may look like bugs or fish.
  I think they should look like humans though.
  Because humans survive for a long time with humans' shape on the Earth,
  so aliens should have the same shape like us.
3. Why do you think aliens in movies and comic books generally have a human shape and eyes?
  - Because movie director and producer want people to see the movie they made, I think.  
  They must have thought that people would feel closer to an alien that looked like us. We can't feel closer to cockroaches, can we?
  Therefore, aliens in movies and comic books generally have a human shape and eyes.
4. Do you think aliens are likely to be more or less intelligent than us?
  - They must be much more intelligent than us, I think.
  Because we can't reach even the Mars, but they could reach the Earth.
  They should have intelligent space crafts.
  It means that they have more advanced technology than us.
5. Do you think aliens are likely to be friendly or unfriendly?
  - Aliens must be unfriendly, I think.
  Because they don't have any reasonable reasons that they should be friendly with us. They have advanced technology.
  On the other hand, we don't have anything which they want.
  Maybe they want our planet, the Earth. If so, we died.
6. Where do you think the idea of aliens from outer space came from?
  - The idea came from people's imagination, especially novelist or scientists, I think.
  They have amazing imagination which charm us.
  In addition, we all know about the Earth well now.
  Contrarily, we don't know about the universe and other planets at all.
  So, people can imagine about the outer space and the aliens.
