---
title: "2021-08-07: English"
date: 2021-08-07T15:53:26+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/08/07 lesson - Current Events

[Scientists explain video-conferencing fatigue (27th February, 2021)](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2102/210227-video-conferencing.html)

## Note

1. Practice speaking further.
2. Avoid dead air using filler like "well", "let me see", etc.
3. Be careful pronunciation "dropped syllable".

## Vocabulary

### vomit
to bring food or drink up from your stomach out through your mouth, because you are ill

### awkward
making you fell embarrassed so that you are not sure what to do or say

### fatigue
0. extreme tiredness resulting from mental or physical exertion or illness
1. very great tiredness

### name
2. to say what the name of someone or something is, especially officially

### spell
a period of a particular kind of activity, weather, illness etc, usually a short period

### dub
0. gave an unoffical name or nickname to someone or something
1. to give something or someone a name that describes them in some way

### phenomenon
0. a remarkable person, thing, or event
1. something or someone that is very unusual because of a rare quality or ability that they have

### cognitive
0. relating to the mental action or process of acquiring knowledge and understanding
1. related to process of knowing, understanding, and learning something

### perpetually
0. in a way that never ends or changes; constantly
1. continuing all the time without changing or stopping

### adversely
0. in a way that prevents success or development; harmfully or unfavorably
1. not good or favourable
2. in a way that has a negative or harmful effect

### moderate
1. not very large or very small, very hot or very cold, very fast or very slow etc.

### depression
1. a medical condition that makes you very unhappy and anxious and often prevents you from living a normal life

### likens
to say that someone is similar to or has the same qualities as someone else

## An example using the vocabulary I learned
I used to drink alcohol too much when I started to drink.
I sometime got so drunk that I vomited, it always made me fell awkward.
Moreover, drunken condition wasn't a short spell, it keeps even next day.
I learned the moderate amount of alcohol to drink through a lot of drunken.

If you were drunken perpetually, you might have cognitive problem on your brain. And it can bring you depression and adversely affect your future.
You don't have to be dubbed a phenomenon, but you should not be dead drunken.

Therefore, I don't drink too much now, I just taste alcohol appreciatively. 



---

# Greeting
It's been a while.
Good to see you again.
How have you been?

I haven't had English classes for a month.
Because I've prepared for having job interviews and technical tests for changing my job.

However, I stopped changing my job this time eventually.
I received an offer letter actually,
but I was not satisfied with its content.
That is why I got to know that I need to have more experience and skill for a job which I want to have yet.
I want to work in the cloud technology field.
So, I will have enough preparation for a job which I want.

Anyway, it was good experience to try job interviews.

# Olympic
The Tokyo Olympic games are underway now.
It's amazing.
I'd like to watch the Olympic games on TV all day, if I can.
I like the table tennis especially.
Every players are so quick and give amazing shots.
And Japan women's team reaches the final game.
They are going to fight with China team.
It should be fantastic and amazing game.
I'm looking forward to it.
