---
title: "2021-12-27: English"
date: 2021-12-27T08:53:37+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/12/27 Conversation (Yvee)
I learned phrases to sound more confident at work.

## 1. Use "I won't", instead of "I can't".
It will make you sound more confident.

## 2. Use "I believe, instead of "what if I tried".
There is nothing fear-based or little about believing in something, with positivity emanating from the phrase itself.

## 3. Use "I appreciate", instead of "I was just doing my job".
There is nothing wrong with acknowledging you own hard work.

## 4. Use "I look forward to hearing your thoughts", instead of "Am I making sense?".
If you want to project confidence, use the phrase.

## The example using those phrases
When the boss ask me do something tough task but I'm busy to do another one.

I appreciate that you ask me to do the task.
But, I won't do it for now.
Because I have another task that is also tough one.
On the other hand, I believe that I will be able to do the task you ask me if someone take over my current task.
I look forward to hearing your thoughts about that.

## Vocabulary
### indecisive
1. unable to make clear decisions or choices
2. not having a clear result

### emanate
to produce a smell, light etc, or to show a particular quality

### project
4. to try to make other people have a particular idea about you
7. to make something move up or forwards with great force

---
# Review 2021/09/11 Question tags
Question tags are short questions at the end of statements.
Question tags are mainly used in speech when we want to inviting agreement, for example, to emphasize a statement or start a conversation, to confirm that something is true or not, or to make suggestions beginning with 'Lets'.

These days, the number of patients with the virus keeps calm down, doesn't it?
However, the government still have been warning us to beware with the virus.
That means, it implies not to go back to our hometown in New Year's holidays, doesn't it?
I'm still confused whether or not I should go back to my hometown.
I will consider about that for a while.

---
# Today and these days
Good to see you again.
How have you been?
I've been doing well. And you?

Now, New Years holidays have already started, about for two weeks.

There was a change.
Starting in this month, I started to work with a new team.
Being transferred to another department, I've been busy to try to catch up with my colleagues.

This Christmas, my wife and I enjoyed delicious dinner as well as a baked cheese cake that my wife cooked.

Today, we went shopping for New Year's days, like seafood, wines and some commodities.
After that, I went surfing as usual.

---
# Study supplement
## Part.4
## Vocabulary
### stand out
1. to be very easy to see or notice
2. to be much better then other similar people or things

### solely, SYN: only
not involving anything or anyone else

### raise
3. collect money that you can use to do a particular job or help people