+++
title =  "2021-03-25: English"
date = 2021-03-25T09:11:09+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2021/03/25 lesson - Idioms

### 1. cool cat
a fashionable person

I'm not cool cat at all.
I don't care about clothes which are fashionable or looks good.
I just care about how comfortable I wear.

### 2. fat cat
someone who has too much money, especially someone who is paid too much for their job - used to show disapproval

Most members of Congress are fat cat, I think.
We should decrease the number of members of Congress at once.

### 3. cat got your tongue
used to ask someone why they are not talking

You are always talkative, but not today.
Cat got your tongue?

### 4. play cat and mouse with someone
to try to defeat someone by tricking that person into making a mistake so that you have an advantage over them

Those bad kids were playing cat and mouse with a sheepish boy.
However the boy got angry and defeated them finally.

### What I could't say but I wanted to say

I don't have a cat and a dog neither.
But, I like cats and dogs both.
If I choose one of them, I will decide to have a cat.
Because I like cats' independency.
They sleep almost all day and take a walk in their territory freely.
They eat meals and take sleep whenever they want.
I like it.
Of course, I like dogs either.
But I need to go out for them to take a walk everyday, even if it rains, snows or too hot.
I think it's hard for me to do that.
So, I would have a cat.

There is a special event in Japan today.
It's the starting of torch relay for Olympic Games.
But I'm not sure whether the Olympic games will be held this summer.
Because all athletes will not be able to get vaccinated until this summer.
Athletes who live in rich countries will be able to do that but athletes who live in poor countries will not be able to do that.
It's dangerous for them to come to Japan.
Most hospitals in Japan have full of patients who are infected with COVID-19, so athletes who are infected with it will not be able to have enough treatments.
I'm worried about that.

### Vocabulary

* tease
  - to laugh at someone and make jokes in order to have fun by embarrassing them, either in a friendly way or in an unkind way
* distract
  - to take someone's attention away from something by making them look at or listen to something else
* bully
  - someone who uses their strength or power to frighten or hurt someone who is weaker

- - -

## Breaking news: Denmark to make artificial clean-energy island - 15th March, 2021

### Vocabulary

* reliance: syn dependence
    - when someone or something is depending on someone or something
* credentials
    1. someone's education, achievements, experience etc that prove they have the ability to do something
    2. a letter or other document which proves your good character or your right to have a particular position
* cornerstone
    - something that is extremely important because everything else depends on it
* facilitate
    - to make it easier for a process or activity to happen
* Danish
    - relating to Denmark, its people, or its language
* initiative
    1. the ability to make decisions and take action without waiting for someone to tell you what to do
    2. an important new plan or process to achieve a particular aim or to solve a particular problem
* household
    - all the people who live together in one house

### Writing

All countries with coastlines should build artificial energy islands?

They should do that provided that they can.
Because climate change is getting worse and everybody cares of it.
They're afraid that it will be getting worst, disrupt the Earth and people's lives.
Thus, they need to do that as soon as possible.

### True/False

* a. False
    - Denmark intends to build it 80km off its western coast in the North Sea, it doesn't have 80km long.
* b. False
    - It is expected to be in full operation by 2033.
* c. True
    - The project will end its reliance on fossil fuels within the next three decades.
* d. True
    - It will cost around $34 billion to construct.
* e. True
    - It will produce enough electricity to power three million households in Denmark.
* f. True
    - He explained that the island had enormous potential to create a greener, cleaner Europe.
* g. True
    - He said that we can actually shut down all European coal-fired power plants.
* h. False
    - He said that it's going to be an international effort.

### Synonym Match

1. practical: f.realistic
2. artificial: i.manufactured
3. ambitious: ~~a.endeavour~~ **d.challenging**
4. reliance: b.dependence
5. move: h.shift
6. construct: ~~g.plan~~ **j.erect**
7. potential: c.possibility
8. tremendous: e.huge
9. initiative: ~~j.erect~~ **g.plan**
10. effort: ~~d.challenging~~ **a.endeavour**

### Discussion

* a) What do you think of clean energy?
    - I think it's good for all of us.
    - Because it is not able to pollute the nature environment.
* b) How clean is the energy you use?
    - The energy we use is not clean at all.
    - Because Japan has a lot of coal-fired power plants.
* c) What do you think of the artificial clean energy island?
    - I think it's good idea.
    - The countries which can do that should make and operate it as soon as possible.
    - On the other hand, Japan may have difficulty to do that.
    - Because there are a lot of earthquakes which bring Tsunami in Japan.
    - If Tsunami attacked Japan, it will destroy all of the islands.
    - So Japan should have other backup plans which cover a lack of electricity when huge earthquake happens.
* d) What clean energies does your country have?
    - My country has wind farms, solar power plants, geothermal power plants and hydro-electric plants.
* e) What do you think of fossil fuels?
    - In my opinion, we should not use fossil fuels as possible as we can.
    - Because it can disrupt the Earth.
    - In addition, coal oil is super useful for creating everything.
    - We can produce almost everything which we need for our lives from coal oil.
    - So we ought not to use it as generating power.
* f) What are the best clean energies?
    - The geothermal power generation is the best clean energy, I guess.
* g) How damaging is the use of oil?
    - I have no idea about that.
* h) What do you do to reduce your CO2 emissions?
    - Unfortunately, I don't do that at all.
    - I will do from now on.

- - -

## Phrasal verbs Part 1

### 111: **get on** and ...

Although I have been studying English since 2 years ago, I'm getting better little.
I didn't study English well a month ago, I was about to give it up.
However I will get on and do it in order to getting better to speak English.

### 112: **get** people **on** the team

You need to get people who have motivation on your team in order to produce a good product.
If one guy were a bad apple, the person spoils the team.

### 113: **get on** with the work

I made a software which our team required me.
I need to get on with making documents about that in order to share my experience and tips.

### 114: **get on** with your parents

I'm not getting on with my team members, because I feel they don't work effectively and efficiently.
They can't deliver what they want clearly, but they blame me for not doing what they want.
So I don't work with our team any more.

### 115: shout at someone to **get out**

I have never been shouted at to get out.
If I were done such a thing by someone, I will fight with the person.
