---
title: "2021-09-30: English"
date: 2021-09-30T18:54:34+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/09/30 Conversation (KAT)
I learned expressing preferences.

## A: Expressing likes
### 1. I (really) + {like, enjoy, adore, love} + verb-ing/noun
### 2. I'm (really/very) + {fond of, interested in, keen on} + verb-ing/noun
### 3. I find + noun + {interesting, enjoyable, relaxing, fascinating, exciting}

## B: Expressing dislike
### 1. I don't (really) + {like, enjoy, love, adore}
### 2. I (really) + {hate, detest, can't bear, can't stand} + verb-ing/noun
### 3. I find + noun + {a bit, rather} {dull, boring, tiring} + verb-ing

## Vocabulary and the example
I'm very keen on surfing now.
I found surfing exciting when my friends and I began it about fifteen years ago.
I really enjoy surfing since then, even when I'm swallowed by waves.
However, I don't like one aspect of surfing.
It is that the localism of surfing is too aggressive.
For example, some local surfers look like they thinks they're allowed even if they do anything impolite.
Speaking about riding waves, a surfer who catches a wave first has the preference to ride the wave.
Those surfers often ignore the manner and snatch waves away, I detest such a behavior.
Some time ago, a surfer looks like the local snatch a wave away from me and yell out at me.
I can't bear such a rude action and I detest such a person.
I wish he could be drowned some day, just kidding.
Anyway, surfing is fascinating, I can't imagine that I will find it boring.
I'm lucky to find something nice which I want to keep doing.

### swallow
1. to make food or drink go down your throat and towards your stomach
2. to make some of the liquid in your mouth go down your throat because you are frightened or nervous

### drown
1. to die from being under water for too long, or to kill someone in this way

### preference
1. if you have a preference for something, you like it more than another thing and will choose it if you can

### keen
1. wanting to do something or wanting something to happen very much
2. someone who is keen on something is very interested in it or enjoys doing it very much

### fascinate
if someone or something fascinates you, you are attracted to them and think they are extremely interesting

### detest
to hate something or someone very much

### can't bear something
1. to be so upset about something that you feel unable to accept it or let it happen
2. to dislike something or someone very much, often so that they make you feel annoyed or impatient

---

# Today
I worked from home as usual.
I began and ended to work earlier than usual.
Because a typhoon is coming and the swell from it reached out the nearest beach.
After work, I went surfing and had fun a lot.
There were nice waves to surf.
