---
title: "2021-05-15: English"
date: 2021-05-15T15:44:37+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/05/15 Lesson - Elective Listening

[5 Stages of Team Building - What you should know when developing teams or groups](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtpY9zwuzFM)

Hi, in this video, you will learn how a team is developed in a business.
Building a team takes time and effort.
Do not expect a group of people to work together smoothly for the first time.
Without proper leadership and management skills, you will not be able to build an exceptional team.
Communication between members is also very important when developing a team.
The following are five essential stages that a business goes through during team development.

The first stage is the forming stage.
In this stage, members are getting to know each other.
They are trying to understand the roles that must be taken and the goals that are addressed to achieve.
The leader at this point is working together with the colleagues directing them to what this is all about.

The second stage of the storming stage.
In this stage conflicts arise.
Members are uncomfortable with their fellow colleagues.
Competition for roles and leadership arises.
Differences in perspectives and experiences collide with each other.
At this point, the leader steps in to reduce tension.

Next comes the norming stage.
In this stage, members are starting to communicate together.
Trust is starting to build among them.
By now, everyone knows what their role is.
Leaders at this point are settling communications between members enabling the start of a stable teamwork.

Now we reach the performing stage.
In this stage, a high level of communication understanding and trust has been achieved between the team members.
Individuals are working together efficiently to achieve their common goal.
Group decision making collaboration, motivation, and effective development is happening here.
At this point, leaders offer gratitude to the members individually and also as a team for their striving performance.

The last stage is the adjourning stage.
In this stage, the delegated roles either been completed effectively or not.
The goal has been achieved or not.
According to the accomplishments, the team either becomes permanent or temporary.
Some members are forced to go back to their early stages due to their in capability of achieving what was desired.
Others remain as a stable team taking on more responsibilities on future projects.

As explained team development goes through five stages that we advise to help you lead your employees to a joint effort.
Achieving a hard-working trustful and excelling teamwork is similar to achieving a valuable jumped for your business.
Over the years of taking care of its value increases giving prosperity to its owner.

## Summary

You can build an exceptional team if you learn how to develop a team.
There are five essential stages in team development.

The first stage is the forming stage.
You should point the goal to achieve and team members' roles working with them.

The second stage is the storming stage.
You should arbitrate conflicts between team members.

The third stage is the norming stage.
You should settle communications between team members to enable them to do a stable teamwork.

The fourth stage is the performing stage.
You should appreciate them for doing their excellent work.

The fifth stage is the adjourning stage.
You should evaluate the performance of the team and its members.

You need to take care the teamwork for years,
and then you can improve your business.

## Notes
1. I should write it down words what I can't understand in a speech to ask a teacher what it means.
2. I should be mindful about pronunciation, especially difference between 'cooperation' and 'corporation' in this class.
3. I should remember and use common phrases which I can express my opinion.

## Vocabulary

### elaborate
1. having a lot of small parts or details put together in a complicated way
2. carefully planned and organized in great detail

### consistent
1. always behaving in the same way or having the same attitudes, standards etc - usually used to show approval
2. continuing to happen or develop in the same way

### gratitude
the feeling of being grateful

### strive
to make a great effort to achieve something

### adjourn
1. if a meeting, parliament, law court etc adjourns, or if the person in charge adjourns it, it stops for a short time

### delegate
1. to give part of your power or work to someone in a lower position than you

### norm
the usual or normal situation, way of doing something etc

## What I couldn't say but I wanted

### About snack time when I was in a high school

**TODO**

### What is essential with team and its members?

**TODO**


- - -

# I could't understand what someone said or it spoke.

Could you play it again, please?
Could you say it again, please?
Could you play it bit slower, please?
It was bit fast for me, so I couldn't listen to it.
I couldn't catch the gist of the speech.

# Today

I'm relaxed today.
I had enough sleep last night and I woke up late this morning.
I had lunch and took a walk with my wife.
And we bought some cakes at a patisserie near our house.
I like eclair which is a long cake covered with chocolate and filled with cream.
And I like a cream puff, too.
