---
title: "2021-03-09: English"
date: 2021-03-09T16:48:28+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

## Review 2021/03/09 Lesson - Pronunciation T, D, S or Z and Y sound

Since I graduated from school, I haven't had opportunity to use English well.
But the truth is that I could have made the opportunity if I had wanted to.
I think I hesitated to use English because I was not good at English.
In addition, I was not extroverted and talkative. I'm still that way.

However, now I'm learning English again.
I feel I make progress in English gradually.
It's not enough, but I enjoy learning English actually.
It's important for me to enjoy it.
Because I didn't like studying English before.
It is said that you become good at what you like doing.
I think so, too.

### What I couldn't speak due to lack of English skill

In my opinion, the next Olympic Games would not be held and the Olympic committee shouldn't hold it.
Because most of the countries which decided to attend the Olympic games before the pandemic will not be able to deliver the vaccine to their athletes.
Of course, Japan also can't be able to serve all athletes who will come to Japan.
That is to say, it will be dangerous for all athletes and all Japanese to hold the Olympic games.

Therefore, I think the next Olympic games should be stopped holding.
However, the next Beijing Olympic games also will not be held, I guess.
Because China and America are fighting due to economy, technology, and Uyghur problem.

There is a lot of bad news nowadays.
I really want nice news in order to live through this difficulties.
