---
title: "2021-03-18: English"
date: 2021-03-18T15:10:45+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

- - -

## Phrasal verbs Part 1

### 101: **get in** on time

Trains usually get in on time in Japan.
However they often don't get in on time in these days due to accidents.

### 102: **get in** the car

As soon as he got in the car, it left at once.
Probably, they are about to be late.

### 103: **get into** Harvard

I studied hard to get into Osaka university.
It was tough for me to do it, nevertheless I did it.

### 104: **get into** sports

I'm getting into surfing now, so I go surfing early morning for a few days.
It feels good and good for me to do some exercise.

### 105: **get into** the habit of ...

I will get into the habit of going for surfing every early morning.
I think it will good for health physically and mentally.

### 106: **get into** an argument

I don't want to get into any argument.
It's worthless for anything.
What I should do to solve a problem is thinking about it very much, not argument.

### 107: **get** a week **off**

I got a month off and went to England, Scotland, Canada, and America for my honeymoon two years ago.
It was amazing, but bit busy.
Therefore I will relax in one place on my next trip abroad.

### 108: **get off** early

I used to get off early and go surfing last summer.
Because I worked from home, so I have enough time to surf even after work.

### 109: **get** the document **off**

It's almost time I turn in my tax payment.
I need to get some documents off by the fifteenth April.

### 110: **get on** the bus

I don't get on the bus lately, because I worked from home.
In addition I'm afraid of infection with coronavirus in the bus.
