---
title: "2021-09-15: English"
date: 2021-09-15T16:21:28+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/09/15 Conversation (KAT)

I learned advantages and disadvantages.

## Advantages
* The main advantage of
* Another key advantage of
* One of the major strong points of
* One more great thing

## Expression for adding information sequencing
* and, as well as, also
* besides, in addition, moreover, furthermore

## Disadvantages
* a / the main disadvantage of
* a major disadvantage of
* one drawback of
* a/the one bad point about/of
* another disadvantage of
* The disadvantage of
* The drawback of
* The bad thing about

## Expression for contrasting information
* however, nevertheless
* on the contrary, alternatively, at the same time

## Notes
1. Be mindful the definite/indefinite article
2. Use countable/uncountable quantifiers: fewer vs less.
3. Practice learn discourse markers

## Vocabulary and the example
I really prefer working from home rather than at the office.
I sometimes think if I could talk to my colleagues easily and immediately, I could efficiently proceed with my work.
Having said that, the advantages of WFH totally outweigh at the office.
When I work from home, I can take a walk for a little break during the work.
In addition, I can use my bigger monitor for work, as well as a better chair.
Such a nice environment for work can let me to come up with a good idea.
Besides, I can take part in online seminars and even have job interviews.
To be honest, now I can't remember the working style before the pandemic at all.

This pandemic is too bad definitely, however it brought me a contemplative life in a sense.
I could think carefully about my life so far and elaborate my future plan hereafter.
Anyway, I enjoy this life style even though the situation is severe.


### come up with
1. to think of an idea, answer etc.

### outweigh
to be more important or valuable than something else

### having said that
used to say that something is true in spite of what you have just said

### contemplative
spending a lot of time thinking seriously and quietly

### discourse
1. a serious speech or piece of writing on a particular subject
3. the language used in particular types of speech or writing

### elaborate
1. having a lot of small parts of details put together in a complicated way
2. carefully planned and organized in greta detail

---

# Today

I worked from home today as usual.
In these days, although it has been almost rainy or cloudy,
it's fine today.
It was good that a lot of laundry were dried soon.

By the way, the price of vegetables is quite high.
For instance, a half of Chinese cabbage is about 4 dollars.
It's usually about 1 dollar.
It's incredibly high, isn't it?

That is because of too much rain.
