---
title: "2021-04-30: English"
date: 2021-04-30T17:57:14+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/04/30 Lesson - Pronunciation

## Vocabulary

### two-story house
(of a building) having two floors or levels

### senator
a member of the Senate or a senate,
senate is the smaller and more important of the two parts of the government with the power to make laws, in countries such as the US, Australia, and France

### wander
to walk slowly across or around an area, usually without a clear direction or purpose

### wilderness
a large area of land that has never been developed or farmed

### melt
to start to feel love or sympathy, especially after feeling angry

### rancher
someone who owns or works on a ranch.
rance means that a very large farm in the western US and Canada where sheep, cattle, or horses are bred

### every other something
not each one in a series, but every two

### words with w sound
* once, one/won, watch, while, white, water, whisper, window, woman
* quick, square, swim, twelve, away, language, liquid, quiet, otherwise
* woe, one, wool, wooed, wow, woke
* swarm, dwarf, thwart
* swish, switch, twitch
* dwindle, twinkle
* forward, toward, coward, awkward, shower, towel
* quake, quick, queen, quote, quill, quail, request, quiet, quantity

## What I couldn't say but I wanted
The teacher said that, one of her students is going to attend the English camp of MERISE, but if she were him she will be just relaxed with doing what she likes and most of Philippinos will do as well.
Although I will not attend the camp, I will study English and some technical things like programming. Because many Japanese is busy during weekdays and they want to get some rest on weekend, so they usually don't have enough time to study. Therefore, they will study even during long holidays, I guess.
Moreover, I think that the student will study due to enjoying himself with that. It's like enjoying hobby, I guess.
To feel improving is to have fun.

## Making sentences using w sound
I will watch American series during this Golden week.
Because watching films in English can improve English listening skill, I think.
Moreover, I want to films in English without Japanese subtitles becasue Japanese subtitles can't express performers' emotion or situation correctly.

However, I actually need English subtitles to understand the story of film.
Because I can't correctly listen to what performers says.
Netflix publishes many films with English subtitles, but I don't sign up now. In fact, I used to be registerd with it and watch the Walking dead, the Queen's Gambit, the Witcher, House of cards, Breaking bad and so on.
Recently, I stopped subscribing to it because I don't watch many movies.

When I watch movies, I use Amazon Prime Video now.
Although Amazon Prime Video don't serve films with English subtitles,  
I will try to find some American series which are good for listening to English.

## Notes
1. Brush up word connection. I should review classes for it I had so far.
2. Add more sentences, at least three sentences in my turn.
3. Be careful pronunciation. Open wide my mouth and pronunce clearly and correctly.

- - -

# Today

Golden week started from yesterday.
I'm relaxed completely.
I take a walk, go shopping, surfing, and studying.
Actually I had the TOEIC exam online today.
I got 860. I'm relieved because over 800 score is considered acceptable for business.
