---
title: "2021-04-07: English"
date: 2021-04-07T18:51:18+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/04/07 lesson - Phrasal verbs

# What I couldn't say but I wanted

I have no plan for Golden week.
The Golden week means a week where many Japanese employees take days off.
I will study English and programming during the Golden week probably.
Because the government will declare state of emergency in Tokyo and Osaka region.
However, I will go surfing during the Golden week.
I will go in early mornings or late afternoon before sunset to avoid a crowded beach.

The teacher said that her Japanese student will study during the Golden week but most Philippines don't do that on holidays. They will take rest, not studying.
I think it may be fun for her to study English like her hobby.
Everyone will do what they have fun, won't they?
That is, she will do the same thing, studying may be fun for her.
Kill two birds with one stone, right?

- - -

# Last week

I'm doing good today.
The weather is fine and warm, it's comfortable today.
I worked from home as usual, and after work I went surfing.

Last week, I was preparing for Amazon certification exam.
I went for having the exam last Saturday and I passed it.
The exam is not difficult, but I'm always a bit nervous for exams.
Because taking the exam is not free and it takes some time to prepare the exam, so I don't want to waste my money and time.
Anyway, I felt relieved to pass it.

At the last weekend, I took a walk looking at cherry blossoms and going to the nearest shrine to pray. I prayed for my family's heath and wealth.
Last week there were some windy days, so cherry blossoms were going to fall.

I like the bloom of cherry blossoms and like also they're falling.
Cherry blossoms are beautiful because they fall.
It means the fragility of the world.

How about your last weekend?
What were you doing?
