---
title: "2021-09-11: English"
date: 2021-09-11T18:56:58+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/09/11 Conversation (KAT)
I learned about tag questions.

* When can we use tag questions?
  1. inviting agreement
  2. confirm that something is true or not
  3. making suggestions beginning with 'Lets'

## Notes
1. Use appropriate transitions to speak naturally,
  - for instance, by the way, well, so, anyway, etc.
2. used to -> did
3. somebody/someone -> they
4. nobody/no one/nothing -> negatives

## Vocabulary and the example
This weekend, I studied English and programming.
It was a productive and fruitful weekend.
Although this situation takes away opportunities to travel or meet with our friends from us, knowledge cannot be taken away, can it?
It's important to always think about an auxiliary plan when you have any troubles or problems, I think.
That is to say, learning is that for me.
Of course, it's also enjoyable to me.
This pandemic will be gone away some day apparently,
so it's necessary to move forward at least one step now, isn't it?

### productive
1. producing or achieving a lot

### fruitful
1. producing good results

### situation
1. a combination of all the things that are happening and all the conditions that exists at a particular time in a particular place

### auxiliary
1. auxiliary workers provide additional help for another group of workers
2. an auxiliary motor, piece of equipment etc is kept ready to be used if the main one stops working properly

### apparently
1. used to say that you have heard that something is true, although you are not completely sure about it
2. according to the  way someone looks or a situation appears, although you cannot be sure


---

# Today

I'm pretty good.
I studied English and programming.
