---
title: "2021-05-31: English"
date: 2021-05-31T19:33:27+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/05/31 Lesson - Touchstone.3

## What would you bring to a isolated island?

I would take a knife, ropes, a hatchet, a fire starter, and a sharpener to the isolated island.
Because they are very useful for lives.
Firstly a knife is needed to cut fish or meat.  
Ropes can be useful for building a tent or a house.
A hatchet can cut down trees for a house or firewood.
A fire starter can make a fire.
A sharpener can keep a knife and a hatchet sharpen up.
I'd like to take a fishing rod and lines
but I don't have enough experience of fishing, so I don't take it.
It will be difficult for everyone to live alone on a isolated island.
It will be tough mentally and physically, so I don't think I can survive such a situation even if I can bring them there.

- - -

* What's your major?

My major is computer science and Internet.
I studied them at a university and a graduate school.
And then, I became a software engineer.

* What's your worst habit?

My worst habit is to look at a smartphone often.
I feel it wastes my time and life.
So, I want to stop it, but I can't stop it actually.

* What do your friends say about you?

I don't know they say about me actually.
I don't ask them about me.
Because I will be bit conscious about that if I ask them, I guess.

* What's your secret talent?

My secret talent it that I can avoid throwing punches.
Because I belonged to a boxing club at university.
So, I have enough experience about that.

* What are your future plans?

I don't have any future plans clearly.
But I want to live without negative stress and enjoy my life with my family as possible.
That's my future plan.
