---
title: "2021-09-23: English"
date: 2021-09-23T13:42:56+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/09/23 Current Event (BEA)

[Philippine Boxing Legend to Run for President](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2109/210923-boxing-legend-m.html)

## Notes
1. Use an appropriate word (image and imagine)
2. Utilize more vocabulary I learned

## Vocabulary and the example
I've watched a television series "Preacher" which is based on a comic book before.
No star actors were starred in it, like Tom Cruise who is one of icons in films.
All characters in the film are bad guys, no good men who is philanthropist who gives money to needy people.
However, I enjoyed it, because it was kind of comedy.

### Icon
2. someone famous who is admired by many people and is thought to represent an important idea

### Starred
1. if someone stars in a film, television show, etc. they are one of the main characters in it
2. if a film, television show, or play stars someone, that person is one of the main characters in it

### Preacher
someone who talks about a religious subject in a public place, especially at a church

### Philanthropist
a rich person who gives a lot of money to help poor people

### needy
having very little food or money.

## The meaning of the Japanese national flag
I didn't know the meaning of the national flag of Japan when the teacher asked me about that.
She explained the national flag of Philippines.
It means a lot of things, like liberty, peace, justice, main islands, provinces, etc.

So, I looked for the meaning of the national flag of Japan.
The national flag of Japan is called "Hinomaru" in Japanese and it stands for the land of the rising sun.
The sun plays an important role in Japanese mythology and religion as the Emperor is said to be the direct descendant of the sun goddess Amaterasu.
The name of the country as well as the design of the flag reflect this central importance of the sun.
What's more, red and white colors means auspiciousness in Japan.
It is said that red stands for philanthropy and vitality and white stands for holies and purity.

---

# Today

Today is sunny, good weather.
I'm feeling good.
I woke up at late in this morning, and then I had brunch.
I'm relaxed very much today.
I don't have any plan today, I will just be relaxed.
Probably, I will go surfing the evening twilight time.
Because there are too many surfers now.

By the way, today is the national holiday in Japan.
It's Autumnal Equinox Day.
Autumn Equinox Day is the middle day of the equinoctial week called Higan in Japanese.
Higan is the Buddhist word and it means that the other side of the river, which flows between this world and the other world.
Buddhist believe that the spirits of ancestors come to see their families and descendants during Higan.
