---
title: "2021-08-10: English"
date: 2021-08-10T16:49:48+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/08/10 Lesson - Touchstone3

I talked about unusual experiences.

## Vocabulary and the example

I have thought that vaccine could become remedy for COVID-19 before.
I'm sure now that the end of this pandemic is indefinite though.

This disaster happened two years ago.
Lockdown was Impromptu countermeasure against COVID-19.
However, every governments have done lockdown several times, even now.
Although vaccine has developed and many people have got vaccinated, we find that virus are showing a tendency to evolve.

We will need to keep fighting against the virus for years.
On the other hand, I believe that we can be adapted to this situation.
Therefore, I'm not pessimistic and I'm trying to improve myself.

### remedy
1. a way of dealing with a problem or making a bad situation better
2. a medicine to cure an illness or pain that is not very serious

### indefinite
1. an indefinite action or period of time has no definite and arranged for it
2. not clear or exact

### impromptu
done or said without any preparation or planning

### tendency
1. if someone or something has a tendency to do or become a particular thing, they are likely to do or become it
2. a general change or development in a particular direction

## Indefinite times before
back then, a while ago, a long time ago, in the past, and so on.

## Specific events or times
the day before yesterday

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say
I went to Europe ten years ago.
I engaged in developing software for video conference system back then.
The system could make us have meetings with several places in the world.
That is to say, I had to validate the system visiting several places in other countries.
I was lucky to have those experiences.
However, I couldn't stay those counties long.
I needed to visit three countries just for five days.
It was a busy business trip.
I would like to stay and enjoy Europe at least for two weeks.

---

# Today

I'm ok but I have running nose and a lot of sneeze due to hay fever.
Although I took medicine for pollen allergy, it doesn't work well.
So, I'm always using a tissue today.
