+++
title =  "2021-02-08: English"
date = 2021-02-08T21:26:27+09:00
tags = ["English self-learning"]
+++

## Review 2021/02/08 lesson

### Homework

* sad
  - Last year, the world has completely changed due to the coronavirus.
* very surprised
  - I had never imagined the situation to be this bad.
  - No one would have imagined it!
* disappointed and angry
  - If this pandemic didn't happen, I could have gone to Philippines last May for learning English.
  - I wanted to visit Philippines.
  - I hate this pandemic.
* happy
  - By the way, I have been to Philippines eight years ago. It was a lot of fun.
  - I enjoyed beautiful sea, wonderful islands, and tasty food.
  - I hope to visit there in a few years.
* curious
  - However, I wonder if the world will not come back again as before this pandemic.
  - I heard that this coronavirus is never gone and we have to live with it.
* Conclusion
  - Anyway, humans is one of animals which adapt to the environment.
  - I like working from home, aside from I can't go anywhere freely.
  - So I don't have to commute and I have time to improve myself.
  - I will adapt this situation completely.

Last year, the world has completely changed due to the coronavirus.
I had never imagined the situation to be this bad.
No one would have imagined it!

If this pandemic didn't happen, I could have gone to Philippines last May for learning English. I wanted to visit Philippines. I hate this pandemic.

By the way, I have been to Philippines eight years ago. It was a lot of fun. I enjoyed beautiful sea, wonderful islands, and tasty food. I hope to visit there in a few years.

However, I wonder if the world will not come back again as before this pandemic. I heard that this coronavirus is never gone and we have to live with it.

Anyway, humans is one of animals which adapt to the environment. I like working from home, aside from I can't go anywhere freely. So I don't have to commute and I have time to improve myself. I will adapt this situation completely.
