---
title: "2021-11-24: English"
date: 2021-11-24T19:07:20+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/11/11 Conversation - Compound Relative Pronouns
Who, What, Where, When, Which, How + Ever

## The example using what I learned
I thought whoever to blame me didn't matter for me, provided that I focus on what I should do.
However, it didn't.
I ought to take some care about such people who disrupt me doing from my task.
I should avoid such stupid people to concentrate on whatever you want to do.

They will not be satisfied whichever I may choose, like showing my respect or suggesting more efficient methods.
They just want to obstruct against me who bring new methods into their workplace.
They just want to keep doing their routines until they will retire.

It may take some time to find and avoid it, you should pay attention for that.
What's more, you can have such a trouble, wherever you work.
You may have the trouble whenever you want to do what you want to.
You can overcome it eventually however tough it is as long as you keep trying to improve yourself.
The patience is the most important.

---

# Study supplement
## Part.3
## Vocabulary
### considerably
much or a lot

### beforehand
before something else happens or is done

### in effect, SYN: effectively
used when you are describing what you see as the real facts of a situation

### clerk
1. someone who keeps records or accounts in an office
2. someone whose job is to help people in a shop

### consult with
1. to ask for information or advice from someone because it is their job to know something
