---
title: "2021-10-13: English"
date: 2021-10-13T18:45:02+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/10/13 Conversation (KAT)
I learned about modal verbs for permission and obligation.

## A: Permission

### 1. can
We often use "**can**" to ask for and give permission.

### 2. could
We also use "**could**" to ask for permission (but not to give it).
"**Could**" is more formal and polite than **can**.

### 3. may
**May** is the most formal way to ask for and give permission.

## B: Prohibition
### 1. can't
We use "**can't**" to talk about something that is against the rules,
particularly when we didn't make the rules.

### 2. must not / mustn't
We use "**must not**" to talk about what is not permitted.
It is common on public signs and notices informing people of rules and laws.

We use "**mustn't**" particularly when the prohibition comes from the speaker.

## C: Obligation
### 1. have to
**Have to** shows us that the obligation comes from outside the speaker.

### 2. must
"**Must**" expresses a strong obligation or necessity.
It often shows us that the obligation comes from the speaker
(or the authority that wrote the sentence).

## D: No obligation
### 1. don't have to
We use **don't have to** to show that there is no obligation.
You can do something if you want to but it's not compulsory.

## Vocabulary and the example
I have lots of obligations, like I have to work and pay tax as adults.
What's more, I have many rules that I must not break.
Although I don't care that I have things that I must do, I feel pretty bad if someone told me "You can't do it", "You mustn't do that, or "You must do this".
I can think that I don't have to work and to do what I don't want to if I won a lottery, so I will buy a lottery ticket in the end of this year.

By the way, I used to hesitate to say to native English speakers "Could you repeat it again, please?".
Because I felt sorry about asking them to say the same thing twice.
However, now I think that I may request them to do it.
I find that it's the most important to communicate with each other, not to being embarrassed.
So, I will try to ask questions and favors even if they don't tell me I can ask them.

### obligation
a moral or legal duty to do something

### hand in something
to give something to someone in authority

### compulsory
something that is compulsory must be done because it is the law or because someone in authority orders you to

---

# Today
It's raining today and comfortable temperature.
I'm doing good.
I worked from home today as usual.
I went surfing after work.
I usually work from 9 to 6.
But I can change working time flexibly, so I worked from 7 to 4 today.

By the way, the Lower House election will start tomorrow.
Candidates will make a speech from running cars, unfortunately very loudly.
It's annoying.
