---
title: "2021-10-21: English"
date: 2021-10-21T18:26:54+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/10/21 Touchstone3 (ALEX)

## Vocabulary and the example
In my opinion, many Japanese people seem to believe in all gods, rather than none.
So, they celebrate for Christmas and Halloween, and they visit the temple of Buddhism where their ancestors were berried, they hold a wedding at the Shinto shrine where they usually worship.
For some people who are monotheists, it looks that Japanese people are atheists, I guess.
In my case, I believe many Gods who inhabit everything, even flowers, stones, mountains, animals, and so on.
I'm probably a kind of polytheist.
At the same time, I believe that Gods operate by their own logic, it's like agnosticism.
So, I will not count on any Gods, but I thank them for letting me live.

### clumsy
1. moving or doing things in a careless way, especially so that you drop things ,knock into things etc

### atheism, SYN: agnosticism
the belief that God does not exist

### polytheism, OPP: monotheism
the belief that there is more than one god

## Vocabulary notebook page.30

* Great Barrier reef
* Pacific ocean
* Daintree rain forest
* Darling river
* Gold coast
* Blue mountains
* Sydney Harbour bridge
* Mount Gambier volcano
* Lake Eyre
* Dampier archipelago
* Great Sandy desert
* Melville island


---

# Today
I'm a bit nervous lately, because I'm going to move another department.
I would have been glad if it were a kind of promotion.
That is not at all something like that, even the opposite.

I couldn't fit the current team, because I feel they don't want to improve and to work more efficiently or effectively.
So, I can't communicate with them well, so I can understand that they don't want to work with me.
A part of the reason that they thought like that is my fault, I know.
I should have communicate well even if I don't want to work with them.
However, I couldn't, I can't stand to be patient with that.

I should fix my fault until moving the next team, definitely.
Because I might do that again unless I recognize and fix my fault immediately.
Not until moving, I must try it now.
