---
title: "2021-08-25: English"
date: 2021-08-25T16:54:05+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/08/25 Conversation (KAT)

## What I learned at today's lesson
I learned about giving and asking for advice, or decline giving an advice.

### Asking for advice
* I've got a (problem). What do you suggest?
* What should I do? (problem)
* What's your advice? (problem)
* What do you think? (asking about your opinion)

### Giving advice
* If I were you, I would go to the dentist.
* Why don't yo go to the dentist?
* You'd better brush your teeth regularly.
* You ought to/should avoid eating sweets.
* It might be a good idea to brush your teeth on a regular basis.
* Have you thought about seeing a dentist?

### Declining to give advice
* I don't know what to advise, I'm afraid/unfortunately/sadly.
* I wish I could suggest something, but I can't.
* I wish I could help.
* I'm afraid I can't really help you.

## Notes
1. Be mindful word forms: noun/verb/-ing.
2. Be mindful about third person singular
3. Be mindful the definite/indefinite article

## What I couldn't say but I wanted to say
There is a national health insurance program in Japan.
So, All Japanese can take enough medical support if they want.
However, many of them don't have their family doctor.
Because they can't be bothered to see a doctor regularly.
Instead of that, they often use a drug store.
They don't know just how reasonable they get the medicine through a doctor.
The price of medicine for pollen allergy through a doctor is about half of the price at a drug store.
Therefore, you'd better go to the doctor regularly.

---
# Today

I work from home today.
In addition, I attended a conference about cloud technology online.
Recently, there are a lot of conference online.
It's convenient because I don't have to take a train to get to the conference room.
