---
title: "2021-11-06: English"
date: 2021-11-06T18:51:59+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2021/11/06 Conversation (KAT)
I learned a speech pattern, which is called SMG.
It stands for Story, Message and Gain.

[Steve Jobs Motivational Speech | Inspirational Video | Entrepreneur Motivation | Startup Stories](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptD0T-ZcF2M)

## Story, Message, and Gain (SMG)
About 2 years ago, the pandemic happened.
Since then, I've worked from home.
I haven't commute to work and I was able to have spare time instead.
So, I was able to think about my life, what's the most important for my life and what I will want to do hereafter.
I work for a company and sell my time to earn money in a sense.
Notwithstanding, I haven't been think well about how to use my time wisely.
I think now I could have used my time more effectively and efficiently.  
I shouldn't have wasting my time to consume other's contents, like just watching movies, playing video games, looking at Facebook, etc.

The pandemic stopped interaction of people physically, however it improved communication with Internet conversely.
What I can do and what value I can deliver is more important than before.
I need to compete with people in the world harder than before.
It means it will be tough to live through as well as I can work with various people more easily than before.
So, I began learning English and improve technical skills more harder than before.
In addition, I found that is fun.

I remember the comic that I've ever read before.
The main character in it said that everyone is able to enjoy learning even in harsh situation.
Now is the time to learn and build a new world to overcome this difficulty.

I'd like to read the comic again before studying.

## Vocabulary

### mentor
an experienced person who advises and helps a less experienced person

### frugal, OPP: extravagant
1. careful to buy only what is necessary
2. a frugal meal is a small meal of plain food

### extravagant
1. spending or costing a lot of money, especially more than is necessary or more than you can afford
2. doing or using something too much or more than is necessary

### humble, OPP: proud
1. not considering yourself or your ideas to be as important as other people's

### undertaking
1. an important job, piece of work, or activity that you are responsible for
2. a promise to do something

### devastate
1. to make someone feel extremely shocked and sad
2. to damage something very badly or completely

### dawn on sb
if a fact dawns on you, you realize it for the first time

### convince
1. to make someone feel certain that something is true
2. to persuade someone to do something

---

# Today
I'm almost doing good besides running nose and lots of sneeze.
I'm not sure the reason of running nose, but I guess it's due to pollen allergy.
Because I took a pill for pollen allergy and then it relieved the symptom.
