---
title: "2022-04-09: English"
date: 2022-04-09T14:24:30+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/04/09 Multimedia Listening (BEA)
[Breaking stuff to relieve stress?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PGkSxsduAY)

I'm getting geared up to face my stress head on.
For years I have learnt about the bad side effects my body's reaction to the fight or flight gene can have on my health.
But don't just take my word for it.

When we have repetitive stress, when it is continuous, prolonged.
It's the accumulation of these stress hormones that can make stress harmful for you.
Stress can harm virtually every part of your body.

So, I've decided to fight back.
My battle ground?
A place just outside of Atlanta called "The Break Room".

The Break Room is essentially a place you can come to relieve stress and have fun at the same time.

And, just like the name suggests, you come here and break stuff.
Before we get to that part, there are some rules.

Rule number one.
You must wear all your safety gear at all times.
The only exception is, you can take your gloves off to handle the music and handle pictures and videos which I highly recommend.
They are always fun to watch again later.

There also rules on safety on where you can throw things.
Once that is out of the way you get to pick out the things that you want to break.
And then you go for it!

We've got a few items.
We've got bats, hammers, crow bars.
We've got a sledge hammer.

The idea first started in Japan but it's slowly becoming popular here.
A different kind of stress relief with both endorphins produced and calories burned as a plus.

This is when nobody does the dishes.
And this is when I do all the laundry.
And this is me in traffic.

It's a 15-minute session.
The items in the packages vary.
There are five or six different packages you can get.

These are my taxes.

Before they come in and before they break anything.
You can tell they are very tense people right?
And after they break, you can see the weight lifted off their shoulders.
Oh no, you can't get away from me here.
Yep, this break-it-you-bought-it therapy session worked for me.
I feel better, much better.
CNN Atlanta.


## Vocabulary
### essentially, SYN basically
used when starting the most basic facts about something

### virtually
1. almost, SYN practically

### accumulate
1. to gradually get more and more money, possessions, knowledge etc over a period of time
2. to gradually increase in numbers or amount until there is a large quantity in one place

### repetitive
done many times in the same way, and boring

### set out
1. to start a journey, especially a long journey
2. to start doing something or making plans to do something in order to achieve a particular result

### prolong, SYN lengthen
1. to deliberately make something such as a feeling or an activity last longer

### go for something/someone
1. to try to achieve a goal, or try to attract someone's romantic interest
2. to choose something or someone

### on purpose
deliberately

### deliberately
1. done in a way that is intended or planned

### tense
1. a tense situation is one in which you feel very anxious and worried because of something bad that might happen
2. feeling worried, uncomfortable, and unable to relax

## The example using vocab I learned
I'm not a fan of breaking something deliberately.
Because I feel a kind of guilty for the behavior that makes something useless or damaged.
I feel like doing a bad thing that hurts someone who created it.
However, I'd like to visit the "Break Room". I think it works.
When repetitive stress is accumulating and prolonged, I may hurt someone's feelings on purpose.
It's virtually a mental health problem.
Before that, I should lift the tense emotions.
Now, it might be the time to set out to Atlanta to go for it.

---
# Today
I'm relaxed today.
I woke up late and went shopping.
I will go surfing after this class.

I got the booster shot last Thursday.
I was OK last Friday, but I got worse after that.
I got a high fever, headache, and left arm and back pain last Saturday and Sunday.
Now I'm OK, I recovered completely.

I'm relaxed today.
I woke up late and went shopping.
I will go surfing after this class.
And I went just before.
It's very windy today, so there're many waves.
It isn't in good condition to surf, but I could enjoy it.
I couldn't go surfing for a while due to the side reaction of the booster shot.
I love to surf.
I hope I will be able to surf until my death.