---
title: "2022-03-11: English"
date: 2022-03-11T13:33:24+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/03/11 Current Events (BEA)
[Flying Taxis](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2202/220217-flying-taxis.html)

## The example using vocabulary I learned
"Doraemon" is a super famous character in the Japanese manga and animation.
It's no exaggeration to say that 95 percent of Japanese know him.
When I was a kid, I imagined that if I were Nobita, Doraemon's best friend, I would use the Draemon's items better.

Doraemon has a lot of spectacular items in his pocket, like  Takecopter that makes you airborne, Small Light that makes you small, and so on.
I want to have a "Dokodemo Door" especially, which you can go anywhere you want with just thinking about the place.
It's the most appealing for me.
Because, if you have it, you don't have to use congested public transportation system and you can reduce time to move.
We can reduce the carbon footprint with it, without aiming to do that.

Doraemon comes from the 22 century.
I wish that we all will be happy with such items in the century.

## Vocabulary
### airborne
1. a plane that is airborne is in the air

### aim (to do something, for something)
1. to try or intend to achieve something

### spectacular
1. very impressive

### carbon footprint
the amount of carbon dioxide that a person or organization produces by the things they do, used as a way of measuring the amount of harm they do to the environment

### congested
1. full of traffic

### appealing
1. attractive or interesting

---
# Today
11 years ago today, on the 11th of March 2011, a huge earthquake struck off the coast of northeastern Japan.
Ant then it caused a horrible tsunami 15 meters high.
16,000 people died and 2,500 people are not found yet.

At that time, I lived in Osaka, where is 800 kilo meters far from there, but I felt the shake.
I checked it soon by Internet, I couldn't know it well.
Because the earthquake was so big that people were confused.
About one hour After that, I watched the tsunami on TV.
I didn't believe that because it looked like computer graphics on a film.

By the way, at the last weekend, I took the technical certification exam and passed it.