---
title: "2022-02-01: English"
date: 2022-02-01T11:29:42+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review Multimedia Listening (BEA)
[Surfing the Night, Lighting Up the Waves](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqgLaMc9IVA)

- [Sean]
When I'm night surfing the first thing, I really realize is how alone you are, and how quiet everything is.
It's the most free, spiritual thing you could think of.
But, once when you get a wave it's incredible just to see the colors come off the waves off the board.
Every time I look down when I'm night surfing and I see that lit up board I go, my dad created this.
This is me and my dad.

My name is Sean Johnson.
I'm a surfer and a surf coach out of L.A. and I started surfing because of my dad.
My dad would take me out, he'd be surfing and I'd be boogie boarding in the white water.
One day he's like, “Do you want to jump on?”
And I'm like, “Yeah, let's go.”
Threw me on the nose of his surfboard and caught some waves and I was like, “Dad, I want to do this.”
So we'd be leaving the beach and all of a sudden he'd be like, “Hey, look at that board in the trash can.”
And I'd be like, “Yeah, look at that board in the trash can.”
And he goes “No, that's your new board.”

- [Roy]
I would get boards out of the trash at Malibu.
Bring him home, strip all the fiberglass off of them.
Get in there, reshape the whole board the way I thought Sean would like to ride it.
He would get out there and test my prototypes and say,
“You know, I really don't like this one or this one's great.”
Kind of sucks for me that I don't surf anymore.
But at the same time when I'm shaping these boards, I feel like I'm surfing.

- [Sean]
He does it all by hand.
And that's the part that makes me enjoy surfing them so much cause I know how much love and how much heart is put into these boards.

- [Roy]
In L.A. the surfing is really crowded, and I always thought that it would be great to surf at night, but it's kind of scary out there at the night.
I figured why not put some LEDs in a board to where you can just get out there and surf as long as you want without the crowds.

- [Sean]
As far as I know, my dad is the only one making LED surfboards in the United States.
Maybe once a month when there's a full moon we go night surfing.
We cruise down to the beach, and it's just like old times when we'd go surfing but now we're sharing that night time and he gets to enjoy me surfing something he created.
And I get to enjoy riding something he made.

Game time, boys.

- [Roy]
The best thing about night surfing is you get out there, it's quiet, and it's kind of mysterious.

- [Sean]
My biggest fear is maybe falling, knocking my head and getting knocked out and no one being able to find me.
So the cool part with having those LED light boards attached to you, you kind of always be found or spotted.

I think people are absolutely amazed when they see the light boards at night time.
What are these flying light things in the ocean right now?
I feel like I'm an alien freakin' flying on a huge space ship.

- [Roy]
Well surfing's really a bond between Sean and I.
I mean, you know, it's just so much fun watching him out there surf.
You know, now that I can't be out there with him surfing, to see him out there in the water, tearing these boards up, you know, it makes you feel really really proud.

- [Sean]
If I couldn't surf, let alone surf on my dad's surfboards, I don't know what I would do.
It reminds me of why I fell in love with surfing so much.

## Vocabulary
### strip off
1. to take off your clothes or take off someone else's clothes
2. to remove something that is covering the surface of something else

### Boogie board
a bodyboard

### freaking
1. to become suddenly angry or afraid, especially so that you cannot control your behavior.
2. used to emphasize what is being said, or to express anger

### bond: noun
something that unites two or more people or groups, such as love, or a shared interest or idea

## Takeaway from the video
Both Sean and Roy are cool and smart, I think.
I also don't like to surf during the daytime due to crowd.
If you surf in the crowd, you might hurt someone with your surfboard or might be injured by others.
What's more, some surfers sometimes yell and fight because one of them bother another surfer ride on a wave.
I just want to have fun to surf.
I don't want to see such a nasty scene and don't like to be caught in such a fight.
Therefore, I usually surf at dusk when most of surfers are about to go back home.
I surf until I can't see waves.
I could enjoy surfing much more if I could surf at night.
Maybe I should try surfing in the evening, like Sean.
It may be good idea to look for a headlight which can be used in the water.

---
# Today
At last, my electric shaver was out of order today.
It doesn't work at all.
It sometimes didn't work lately.
So, I ordered new one on Amazon.
It's going to come tomorrow.

Since I work from home, I don't shave as often as before.
I don't take care of my appearance these days,
Because I don't meet others in person and I wear a face mask.
What's more, we have meetings online without video because there are many participants and we usually use presentation files.
So, we don't have to see our face at meetings most of the time.

On the other hand, we have 1on1 meetings with our boss sometimes.
So, I think I must shave at the time.
I guess nobody cares whether or not I shave.
However, I do due to show my respect to others.
Therefore, I need a shaver.

I often use Amazon, because their web site is easy for me to search and buy what I want.
In addition, they can deliver it as early as the same day.


---
# Study supplement
## Part.7
### Vocabulary
### critic, SYN:reviewer
1. someone whose job is to make judgments about the good and qualities of art, music, films etc

### Note
天気や頻度は、読んだ時に覚えておく。