---
title: "2022-01-25: English"
date: 2022-01-25T14:24:20+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/01/25 Current Events (BEA)

[Man gets first ever pig-heart transplant](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2201/220113-pig-heart-transplant-m.html)

## Takeaway from the article
This operation and the pig's heart to be suitable for humans are very impressed for me.
Because that can help many people in the world.
For example, there is always lack of organs that can be transplanted to patients.
Because of that, people in developing countries sell their organs, which are for patients in rich countries, to survive through severe situation.
Or people are kidnapped and their organs are stolen by evil dealers.
The achievement can save such people in the future.

I heard that the patient who was saved by the operation in the article was a criminal who stubbed a person with a knife and made him be paralyzed down one side.
He is not worthy to live long, of course.
Anyway, that can make many good people live longer from his attempt.
It's good news.

## Vocabulary
### crisis
1. a situation in which there are a lot of problems that must be dealt with quickly so that the situation does not get worse or more dangerous
2. a time when a personal emotional problem or situation has reached its worst point

### genetically-modified
genetically modified foods or plants have their genetic structure changed so that they are not affected by particular diseases or harmful insects

### transplant, nouns, verb
1. the operation of transplanting an organ, piece of skin etc
2. the organ, piece of skin etc that is moved in a transplant operation

1. to move an organ, piece of skin etc from one person's body and put it into another as a form of medical treatment
2. to move a plant from one place and plant it in another place

### blood vessel
one of the tubes through which blood flows in your body

### shot in the dark
an attempt to guess something without having any facts or definite ideas

---
# Study supplement
## Part.7
### Vocabulary
#### toddler
a very young child who is just learning to walk

#### directory
1. a book or list of names, facts etc, usually arranged in alphabetical order

#### chic
very fashionable and expensive, and showing good judgement of what is attractive and good style

#### hygiene
the practice of keeping yourself and the things around you clean in order to prevent diseases

#### secure
3. to fasten or tie something firmly in a particular position

#### lid
1. a cover for the open part of a pot, box, or other container

#### pest
1. a small animal or insect that destroys crops or food supplies

#### fellow workers/students/countrymen etc
people that you work with, study with, or who are in the same situation as you

