---
title: "2022-01-21: English"
date: 2022-01-21T11:10:55+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/01/21 Multimedia Listening
[How to Succeed, Get More Sleep](https://www.ted.com/talks/arianna_huffington_how_to_succeed_get_more_sleep/reading-list?language=en)

My big idea is a very, very small idea that can unlock billions of big ideas that are at the moment dormant inside us. And my little idea that will do that is sleep.

This is a room of type A women. This is a room of sleep-deprived women. And I learned the hard way the value of sleep. Two-and-a-half years ago, I fainted from exhaustion. I hit my head on my desk. I broke my cheekbone, I got five stitches on my right eye. And I began the journey of rediscovering the value of sleep. And in the course of that, I studied, I met with medical doctors, scientists, and I'm here to tell you that the way to a more productive, more inspired, more joyful life is getting enough sleep.

And we women are going to lead the way in this new revolution, this new feminist issue. We are literally going to sleep our way to the top -- literally --

Because unfortunately, for men, sleep deprivation has become a virility symbol. I was recently having dinner with a guy who bragged that he had only gotten four hours sleep the night before. And I felt like saying to him -- but I didn't say -- I felt like saying, "You know what? if you had gotten five, this dinner would have been a lot more interesting."

There is now a kind of sleep deprivation one-upmanship. Especially here in Washington, if you try to make a breakfast date, and you say, "How about eight o'clock?" they're likely to tell you, "Eight o'clock is too late for me, but that's OK, I can get a game of tennis in and do a few conference calls and meet you at eight." And they think that means they are so incredibly busy and productive, but the truth is, they're not, because we, at the moment, have had brilliant leaders in business, in finance, in politics, making terrible decisions. So a high IQ does not mean that you're a good leader, because the essence of leadership is being able to see the iceberg before it hits the Titanic.

And we've had far too many icebergs hitting our Titanics. In fact, I have a feeling that if Lehman Brothers was Lehman Brothers and Sisters, they might still be around.

While all the brothers were busy just being hyper-connected 24/7, maybe a sister would have noticed the iceberg, because she would have woken up from a seven-and-a-half- or eight-hour sleep, and have been able to see the big picture.

So as we are facing all the multiple crises in our world at the moment, what is good for us on a personal level, what's going to bring more joy, gratitude, effectiveness in our lives and be the best for our own careers, is also what is best for the world. So I urge you to shut your eyes, and discover the great ideas that lie inside us; to shut your engines and discover the power of sleep.

Thank you.

## Vocabulary

### dormant
not active or not growing at the present time but able to be active later

### one-upmanship
attempts to make yourself seem better than other people, no matter what they do

### deprivation
the lack of something that you need in order to be healthy, comfortable, or happy

### manly
having qualities that people expect and amire in a man, such as being brave and strong

### virility
1. the typically male quality of being strong, brave, and full of energy - used to show approval

### brag, SYN: boast
to talk too proudly about what you have done, what you own etc - used to show disapproval

### boast
1. to talk too proudly about your abilities, achievements, or possessions

### gratitude
the feeling of being grateful

## My opinion for this topic, using the vocabulary I learned
I totally agree with her opinion.
Sleep deprivation was kind of a virility symbol.
Many male colleagues bragged their lack of sleep.
And actually I've done such a stupid thing to boast my hard work.
Stupid men tended to tell like that, they've tried to do one-upmanship and show their manliness.
Anyway, that was gone.

Nowadays, we all know sleep is much important for our lives and happiness.
Sleep deprivation makes us remain good idea dormant and takes kindness away from us.
We lose our mind and can't feel the feeling of gratitude when we don't have enough sleep.

Therefore we should get enough sleep to make the world happy.
I try to do that to make me, my family, and the world happy.

---
# Today
I'm doing well.
I worked from home as usual.
How about you? Was there anything special?

Today, I'll have a multimedia listening class.
Because I think I can enjoy English class more when I have a variety of classes.
What's more, I'd like to watch English films without subtitles.
Now I'm into Life Below Zero of Amazon Prime Video.
It shows people who live in Alaska.
They always struggle to survive the severe circumstance.
They desire to live how they want without troubles of modern society.
It's very interesting.

---
📺1: What little idea is the speaker talking about?
📺2: What happened two-and-a-half years ago?
📺3: How many stitches did she have?
📺4: What is sleep deprivation a symbol for men?
📺5: What would have happened if the Lehman brothers has a sister?
---
# Study supplement
## Part.6
## Vocabulary
### terrain
a particular type of land

### testimonial
1. a formal written statement describing someone's character and abilities

### accreditation
1. having official approval to do something, especially becasue of having reached an acceptable standard

### exploding
2. to suddenly increase greatly in number, amount, or degree

### emerge
1. to appear or come out from somewhere
2. if facts emerge, they become known after being hidden or secret
4. to begin to be known or noticed