---
title: "2022-03-27: English"
date: 2022-03-27T19:31:43+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/12/10 Passive voice

## When do we use the passive voice?
1. When you think the receiver of the action is more important than the doer of the action.
2. When you think it is obvious who the doer is, so it does not need to be mentioned.
3. When the doer of the action is unknown or we don't want the doer to be known.
4. When you think the doer is irrelevant.
5. When you are writing for certain genres, such as science reports or for academic journals.

## Vocabulary
### burglarize
to enter a building illegally and steal things

### canteen
1. a place in a factory, school etc where meals are provided, usually quite cheaply

### impersonally
k1. not showing any feelings of sympathy, friendliness etc

## Practice
[The Reading / Listening - Sleep and Light](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2203/220324-sleeping-with-the-light-on.html)

## Summary using passive voice
An important thing to get good sleep can be unknown probably.
According to researchers, turning off the light during sleep is required for good health.
They say that diabetes and heart diseases can be brought from turning on the light while people sleep.
Using a blackout curtain or wearing an eye mask are recommended by them.

## Takeaway using passive voice
When I was a university student, the TV was often left on while I slept, because I used to watch movies on the bed.
I was often feeling asleep back then.
I think now that it have been caused by the bad habit.
Now, the blackout curtain is used by the experience of my lack of sleep.

### Vocabulary
#### stimulate
1. to encourage or help activity to begin or develop further

### amuse
1. to make someone laugh or smile

