---
title: "2022-03-04: English"
date: 2022-03-04T14:22:24+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/03/04 Mixed Conditional(cont'd)

## Homework.2
What university or degree subject would you have chosen if you could have done absolutely anything?
How would that have changed your life?

If I could have chosen any university and any degree subjects when I was in a highschool, I would choose mathematics and information science degrees at a US university.
Because the United States has always been at the cutting edge of research and development in information science.
In addition, the IT is based on mathematics.
You need to learn mathematics deeply if you want to improve IT effectively.

Unfortunately, I was not a fan of mathematics and English when I was a teenager.
If I had talked to me in a highschool, I would have convinced me to study English and to study abroad.

On the other hand, I think nothing is too late.
So, I'm learning English and studying information technology now.
I'm enjoying those, fortunately.

## Homework.3
If you could have any superpower - for example, the ability to fly, or to be very strong, or to become invisible - which superpower would choose?
Why? What would you do with this power?

If I could used any superpower, I would have chosen super intelligence.

Because super intelligence can innovate science and outstanding science can solve most of issues in the world, I believe.

For example, the nuclear fusion power plant can almost solve too much carbon footprints issue.
Because it doesn't produce any carbon dioxide through the process of generating power.
If we can use it, we will not depend on any fossil fuel.
In addition, its enormous power can help producing fresh water from sea water.
That may help so many people who have dirty water problem.
That must solve many problems besides that.

Therefore, I hope that it will become true in the near future.
One month ago, I heard that European scientists made a major breakthrough in their quest to develop practical nuclear fusion.
If I had super intelligence, I would have helped them.

## Form
| Type | Situation | Result |
| --- | --- | --- |
| zero | if + present simple | present simple |
| first | if + present simple | will + base form |
| second | if + past simple | would/could + base form |
| third | if + past perfect | would present perfect  |
| mixed-1 | if + past simple | would/could present perfect |
| mixed-2 | if + past perfect | would/could + base form |

## Vocabulary
### appear to do something
used when saying how someone or something seems.

### green credentials
the qualities that show you believe it is important to protect the natural environment

### ethical, SYN: moral
1. relating to principles of what is right and wrong

### dividend
1. a part of a company's profit that is divided among the people with shares in the company

### stick
10. to continue to accept a situation or person, even though you do not like them

### in place
1. in the correct position
2. existing and ready to be used

### equivalent, noun
something that has the same value, purpose, job etc as something else

### incentive
something that encourages you to work harder, start a new activity etc

---
# Review 2022/02/25 Mixed Conditional

## Mixed 1. Past result of present or continuing
* structure: If + Simple Past, Would + Present Perfect

1. If I didn't like surfing, I would haven't lived near a beach.
2. If Ukraine belonged to NATO, Ukraine would haven't been invaded now.

## Mixed 2. Present result of a past condition
* structure: If + Past Perfect, Would + Verb(Base Form)

1. If I had won a lottery, I would spend much time for surfing.
2. If he hadn't begun the war, the world would be much happier now.


---
# Review 2021/09/25 If Conditional

## 0. Zero Conditional: what is/was always true
* structure: If + Present Simple, Present Simple
* structure: If + Simple Past, Simple Past

1. If you get nervous on your job, the job doesn't fit you.

## 1. First Conditional: possible to happen
* structure: If + Present Simple, Will + Verb(Base Form)

1. If it rains, you will get wet.

## 2. Second Conditional: Unlikely to happen
* structure: If + Simple Past, Would + Verb(Base Form)

1. If I were extroverted, I would have many friends.

## 3. Third Conditional: Did not happen
* structure: If + Past Perfect, Would + Present Perfect

1. If I had some physical or intellectual gifts, I would have been engaged in other things.

---
