---
title: "2022-03-01: English"
date: 2022-03-01T17:06:06+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/03/01 Current Events (BEA)
[Breaking News English Lesson: Queen's Platinum Jubilee](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2202/220206-platinum-jubilee.html)

## Imperial House of Japan
The Imperial House of Japan had been closed until the end of the latest World War, so Japanese citizens didn't know it.
However, when Japan was under American rule, Japanese royal family has been opened and became just a symbol of Japan.

Since they are just symbols of Japan and they're restricted, they can't have any private property. The government gives them houses and money from the national budget.
In addition, they don't have the rights that they can vote and move, have a job that they like to, and so on. They must serve the Japanese nation.

That is especially why they are respected from most of Japanese people. They are role models of good character and spirit for the Japanese people and symbols of peace.

I hope that the imperial family will continue to exist, and also I wish they will be happier themselves.

## Vocabulary
### ascend
1. to move up through the air
2. to climb something or move to a higher position

### monarch
a king or queen

### sparkling
1. shining brightly with points of flashing light
4. full of life and intelligence

### compassionate
feeling sympathy for people who are suffering

### stoic
someone who does not show their emotions and does not complain when bad things happen to them

### elevate
1. to move someone or something to a more important level or rank, or make them better than before

### sovereign
1. a king or queen

### reign
1. the period when someone is king, queen, or emperor

### ever-increasing/present etc
increasing, present etc all the time

### unprecedented
never having happened before, or never having happened so much

---
# Review 2022/02/10 Thought and reconsideration

I usually sleep on my idea that will be given at the next meeting, when I want to think it over more.
Because I might not think it through or I might need to take something into consideration about it.
In addition, something that will happen until the next morning can give me food for thought.
I often have second thoughts actually.
And I go back and forth on something what requires me a lot.
I don't think that it's bad to take back what I said.
To keep looking around and changing myself is important, I think.

---
# Today
I'm doing well.
It's warm today, I feel Spring is coming.
And I worked from home today as usual.
It's ordinary Tuesday, fortunately.

At the last Sunday, I took

By the way, Ukraine is under the worst difficulties from the Russian strike.
Many countries support Ukraine with weapons, money, or a lot of sanctions against Russia.
However, Russia is still striking Ukraine.
That's too terrible.
I have no idea about how I can stop the war, but I hope it quits soon.

Putin