---
title: "2022-02-04: English"
date: 2022-02-04T19:15:53+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/08/29 Application of the OREO method
[Researchers want to 'correct' Japanese English](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2011/201121-japanese-english-m.pdf)

Many Japanese can't speak English.
In my opinion, that is because most of Japanese laugh at poor English and look down on others who speak such English in spite that they neither can speak English.
They bother themselves from improving to speak English by insulting with each other.
For instance, I often watch that comedian laughs at Japanese who are speaking English naturally in TV.
It's one of our bad culture that we drag each other down.
Therefore, I will applause people who are struggling with speaking English better than now and express that clearly.
We should admire each other much more because we deserve it.
If that happens, I will be able to speak English more smoothly and enjoyably.

---
# Today
Today I might unintentionally got my colleague angry somehow.
However, I have no idea about the reason.
Suddenly he got angry and told me impolitely that I didn't work appropriately.
In addition, he blamed me of not expressing well what I thought.
I really don't know why he was upset.
I definitely don't think that I should be blamed on.
Although I thought he was easygoing and big-hearted, I should change my thought.

---
# Study supplement
## Part.7
### Vocabulary
#### commission
1. to formally ask someone to write an official report, produce a work of art for you etc
