---
title: "2022-01-14: English"
date: 2022-01-14T18:40:41+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/01/14 Current Events (BEA)
[Download and Build Your Own Wooden Bicycle](https://eikaiwa.dmm.com/app/daily-news/article/download-and-build-your-own-wooden-bicycle/xMkYvmo4EeyIgUc5gCzRTQ)

## Vocabulary
### plywood
a material made of several thin layers of wood that are stuck together to form a strong board

### lever
1. a stick or handle on a machine or piece of equipment, that you move to operate it
2. a long thin piece of metal that you use to lift something heavy by putting one end under the object and pushing the other end down

## Like riding a bike
I was three or four years old when I became to ride a bike.
I practiced riding a bike again and again with my parents.
At first, I fell off my bike and scraped my knee and elbow many times.
I cried because my injury hurt and I was frustrated that I couldn't ride my bike well.
On one occasion, I could ride my bike, it was only a short distance though.
And then, I could ride longer distance gradually.
Now, I can ride a bike smoothly and naturally without thinking of how to ride.

I wonder if such a moment will ever come in speaking English.
Now I'm struggling with learning English as I scrape my knees.
I hope that learning English is sort of like riding a bike.
I mean that you never forget once you know how to do it.

---
# Review 2021/08/11 Snack tax
I want to keep healthy until the time of death.
I don't want to waste my time to tackle with any disease.
I just want to enjoy my life with the clear brain and the clean body.

Now, I stop drinking alcohol temporary due to check up the next weekend.
If the result of the check is good, I will refrain from drinking alcohol hereafter.
I will drink sometimes probably, though.

I found a few things by temporary stop drinking.
Firstly, I'm not interrupted by micturition during sleep.
Secondly, I feel better when I wake up in the morning.
Although I like drinking, stop drinking may bring more advantages than drinking.

---
# Today
I worked from home today as usual.
But I went to the office to return the borrowed book.
Recently, the close contact person was found at the office,
so I left there as soon as possible.

Lately, I read books that a certain author wrote.
His name is Simon Singh.
He wrote several books about famous mathematicians, physicists, and astronomical scientists.
They are not difficult to read.
He wrote them orderly and clearly for anyone to read with fascination.
I really enjoy reading those books.