---
title: "2022-03-23: English"
date: 2022-03-23T17:14:11+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/03/16 the idioms mean the beginning or the ending of something

## Vocabulary
### distinct
1. clearly different or belonging to a different type

### democracy
1. a system of government in which every citizen in the country can vote to elect its government officials
2. a country that has a government which has been elected by the people of the country

### communism
1. a political system in which the government controls the production of all food and goods, and there is no privately owned property

### greed
a strong desire for more food, money, power, possessions ec than you need

### plumb
2. to succeed in understanding something completely

### controversy
a serious argument about something that involves many people and continues for a long time

---
# Today
Today is as cold as yesterday, like winter.
I went to the office today in order to take some parts for using a development board.
I need to take two trains to the office so that I drove a car to avoid crowded trains.
It's fun to drive but a bit tiring.

On the other hand, there is not enough electricity due to stopped power plants and this coldness.
The government ask the nation not to use too much electricity.
I think they will cooperate its request, but the Prime minister relies on their kindness too much.
I believe that Japanese government should make an appropriate plan to build and maintenance power plants.

---
# TOEFL iBT
## Vocabulary
### be subject to something
1. if someone or something is subject to something, especially something bad, it is possible or likely that they will be affected by it

### hostility
1. when someone is unfriendly and full of anger towards another person

### inhumane
extremely cruel and causing unacceptable suffering