---
title: "2022-01-06: English"
date: 2022-01-06T12:01:26+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---

# Review 2022/01/06 Conversation (KAT)

I learned a collocation.
A collocation is two or more words that often go together.
It's important to be more natural and more easily understood.

[Reference for collocations](https://www.englishclub.com/vocabulary/collocations.htm)

## The example using collocations I learned
### sole beneficiary
When a kid is a sole beneficiary, there is a huge trouble. Because people who are greed gather around the kid.

### isolation ward
There is lack of isolation ward as the number of patients with COVID-19 is rapidly increasing.

### solitary confinement
Fought with other prisoners, he was entered into the solitary confinement where it's really dark.

### unsociable hours
Making money for studying abroad, she worked hard unsociable hours as well as office hours.

### keep someone company
He was too shy to get along with others well, so his friends tried to keep him company.

### enjoy your own company
I like play with my friends, but also I enjoy my own company.

### bounce ideas off each other
To make a patent, it's necessary to bounce ideas off each other.

### chill out
I wish I could chill out about the neighbor's barking dog, but it often bothers us.

### come out of your shell
I came out of my shell than before relatively, however I'm still not good at speaking in front of many people.

### wallow in self pity
I don't like a person who wallows in self pity and never tries to solves problems.

### lick your wounds
To get back to the life before the typhoon, they need to lick their wounds.

### exchange banter
They hadn't seen for a while, so they exchanged banter.

### chip in
I chipped in with some money for the recovery from the terrible situation due to the typhoon.

## Vocabulary
### sole, SYN: only
1. the sole person, thing etc is the only one
2. not shared with anyone else

* collocation: sole beneficiary

### isolation
1. when one group, person, or thing is separate from others

* collocation: isolation ward

### solitude
when you are alone, especially when this is what you enjoy

### solitary
1. used to emphasize that there is only one of something
2. doing something without anyone else with you
3. spending a lot of time alone, usually because you like being alone

* collocation: solitary confinement

### beneficiary
1. someone who gets advantage from an action or change
2. someone who receives money or property from someone else who has died

### ward
1. a large room in a hospital where people who need medical treatment stay

### confinement
1. the act of putting someone in a room, prison etc that they are not allowed to leave, or the state of being there

### unsociable
not wanting to be with people or to go to social events

* collocation: work unsocial hours, unsociable hours

### work unsocial hours
to work during the night or early in the morning when most people do not have to work

### company
2. when you are with other people and not alone

* collocation: keep someone company

### bounce
1. if a ball or other object bounces, or you bounce it, it immediately moves up or away from a surface after hitting it

### chill
2. to relax completely instead of feeling angry, tired, or nervous

### wallow
2. if an animal or person wallows, it rolls around in mud, water etc for pleasure or to keep cool

### lick
1. to move your tongue across the surface of something in order to eat it, wet it clean it etc.

### banter
friendly conversation in which people make a lot of jokes with, and amusing remarks about, each other

### timid, SYN:shy, OPP:confident
not having courage or confidence

### electoral
relating to elections and voting

### petrol
a liquid obtained from petroleum that is used to supply power to the engine of cars and other vehicles

### pity
2. sympathy for a person or animal who is suffering or unhappy

## Collocations
### 1. enjoy your own company
don't need other people

### 2. bounce ideas off each other
suggest different ideas

### 3. chill out
relax

### 4. come out of your shell
become more sociable

### 5. wallow in self pity
to seem to enjoy being sad etc, especially because you get sympathy from other people - used to show disapproval

### 6. lick your wounds
take time to recover

### 7. exchange banter
have jokes with friends

### 8. chip in
to contribute


---
# Today
It's snowing today.
It's cold as only two degrees.
There is snow on the ground for the first time this winter.

Are you and your family safe now?
I heard that the last typhoon gave serious damage to Philippines.
I hope for the speedy recovery and the early restoration.
I wish you and your family, peace and good health.

I'm still on vacation until next Monday.
I have been lazy this vacation, like watching movies, reading books, surfing, and so on.
However, I didn't go on a trip as I concern Omicron variant.
The number of patients begins increasing the last few days.