---
title: "2022-01-16: English"
date: 2022-01-16T15:55:04+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/01/16 Conversation (KAT)
I learned while, during, by and with.

## 1. while + Clause(Subject + Verb)
It's a conjunction that should be followed by a clause.
It indicates parallelism between two events happening at the same time.

## 2. During + Noun
It's a preposition that should be followed by either a noun or a pronoun.

## 3. With
1. It's used to indicate being together or being involved.
2. It's used to indicate "having".
3. It's used to indicate "using".
4. It's used to indicate "feeling".
5. It's used to indicate "agreement" or "understanding".

## 4. By
1. It's used to indicate "proximity(distance)"
2. It's used to indicate the person that does something in a passive voice sentence.
3. It's used to indicate an action with a particular purpose.
4. It's used to indicate a means or method.

## The example using while, during, by and with.
Lately, I don't drink alcohol during meals.
Although I like drinking alcohol while I eat especially dinner, I just stop it for a while.
Because I sometimes wake up during sleep after I drink.
A lack of sleep can bring some disease, I think.
I don't want to live with disease.
I'll have checking up this weekend and I hope that it will be good.

## Vocabulary
### retrieve
1. to find something and bring it back
2. to get back information that has been stored in the memory of a computer

### cosy/cozy
1. a place that is cosy is small, comfortable, and warm.
2. a situation that is cosy is comfortable and friendly
3. having a close connection or relationship, especially one you do not approve of

### barley
a plant that produces a grain used for making food or alcohol

### proximity
nearness in distance or time

---
# Today
I'm relaxed this weekend.
I went shopping, taking a walk, went to the library to borrow some books and read books.

---
# Study supplement
## Part.5
## Vocabulary
### on behalf of sb
1. instead of someone, or as their representative
2. because of of for someone

### come up with something
1. to think of an idea, answer etc.
2. to produce an amount of money

### authoritative
1. an authoritative book, account etc is respected because the person who wrote it know a lot about the subject
2. behaving or speaking in a confident determined way that makes people respect and obey you

### command
5. if a place commands a view, you can see something clearly from it

### assume control/responsibility etc
to start to have control, responsibility etc or to start in a particular position or job

### compensate
1. to replace or balance the effect of something bad
2. to pay someone money because they have suffered injury, loss, or damage

### prolong
1. to deliberately make something such as a feeling or an activity last longer

### address
2. a formal speech that someone makes to a group of people

### deductible
1. a payment that is taken away from an employee's pay for a particular purpose before they receive it
2. an amount that an insured person has to pay each time they make a claim