---
title: "2022-03-25: English"
date: 2022-03-25T08:34:10+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/03/25 Current Events (BEA)
[New Budget iPhone Will Be Faster, 5G Capable](https://eikaiwa.dmm.com/app/daily-news/article/new-budget-iphone-will-be-faster-5g-capable/nDCJhqBsEeyElJ_wP3p5aA)

## Summary
Apples released the new iPhone, which has two features, the affordable price and the connectivity to 5G networks.
Firstly, the price will encourage people who haven't bought a new iPhone for a few years to replace their one.
Secondly, Apple supposes that the 5G networks will allure people to subscribe the Apple's services, like music, video,  and game.
Although Apple doesn't make as much money from selling the new iPhone, the iPhone remains Apple's biggest seller.

## Takeaway
I remember when I got iPhone for the first time.
It was fourteen years ago, the iPhone 3G.
I was so excited to get it and thought it would overtake other mobile phones soon.
It has been the most popular smartphone for years in Japan.
It's convenient and friendly for first-time smartphone users.
However, its price has been raised year by year.
I maybe give up on replacing my iPhone with a new one when mine breaks down.

## Vocabulary
### allure
a mysterious, exciting, or desirable quality

### overtake
2. to develop or increase more quickly than someone or something else and become more successful, more important, or more advanced than them

### line
17. a type of goods for sale in a shop

### subscription
1. an amount of money you pay, usually once a year, to receive copies of a newspaper or magazine, or receive a service, or the act of paying money for this

---
# Today
I had my hair cut today.
I've felt my hair heavy and annoying these days, so now I'm comfortable.
I go to a parlor about every three months.

By the way, this weekend, Sunday,
I'm going to meet my parents after a long time.
My parents like hiking and taking photos so that they're going to visit scenic spots near my place.
I will enjoy it, too.

I feel spring is coming, the last few days are a bit cold though.
Because it is said that alternating warm and cold days are a sign of spring's coming.

This week, I began to study for TOEFL exam.
Because I think it's helpful for learning English.
It tests skills of listening, reading, speaking, and writing.