---
title: "2022-03-09: English"
date: 2022-03-09T09:53:14+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/03/09 Multimedia Listening (KAT)
[Got a meeting? Take a walk](https://www.ted.com/talks/nilofer_merchant_got_a_meeting_take_a_walk?language=en)

## The takeaway from the article
I usually work sitting on a chair, working my tush hard, under fluorescent-lit.
Sitting down for office workers to work has been very prevalent so far.
Nowadays, there is a height-adjustable desk, so you can choose sitting or standing at work.
Such a desk is a bit more expensive than a normal one, however.
In addition, you need to device wiring cables around your desk.
Therefore, I work sitting all day long.

I often go surfing or jogging these years.
But I needed to get off my duff to do those exercises, because I was so busy that I didn't want to do anything hard except work.
I bought jogging shoes, a surfboard and a wetsuit.
I was huffing and puffing during those excises at first.
Now, I can enjoy them, and they make me refresh.
It works for my health mentally as well as physically, I feel.

The speaker mentioned that you can think of out-of-the-box idea when you walk while having meetings.
However, I'd like to walk at my pace and to focus on enjoyable exercises.
Moreover, long time meetings or too many meetings will be not effective for outcome, I think.
So, I will reduce meetings and have less working time, and I  want to enjoy exercise that make me get stoked.

## Vocabulary
### tush
the part of your body that you sit on

### prevalent
common at a particular time, in a particular place, or among a particular group of people

### get off one's duff
To start doing something, especially after a period of un-productivity or laziness. "Duff" in this usage refers to the buttocks.

### huff and puff
to breathe out in a noisy way, especially when you do something that involves a lot of physical effort

### fluorescent
2. a fluorescent light contains a tube filled with gas, which shines with a bright light when electricity is passed through it

### to the tune of ...
used to emphasize how large an amount or number is

### out-of-the-box
outstanding or excellent

### at the cost of something
to get something that you want, but only by losing something else

### reflective
2. thinking quietly about something

### opposition
5. when two things are completely opposite

### reframe
3. to look at, present, or think of (beliefs, ideas, relationships, etc) in a new or different way

### viable
1. a viable idea, plan, or method can work successfully

### the bottom line
used to tell someone what the most important part of a situation is, or what the most important thing to consider is

---
# Review
* 2021/10/13 Modal verbs for permission and obligation
* 2021/08/21 expression useful for a trip conversation

Japan still has been limited the number of tourists from other countries, due to the spread of the COVID-19 variant.
However, many other countries lifted most of COVID-19 restrictions.
So, you can't visit Japan freely, and you have to stay at a hotel after entering Japan for a week for self-isolation.
I hope time that I don't have to wear a face mask will come.

Russian invasion in Ukraine hasn't been stopped, by the way.
People are trying to escape from that, but they can't yet because of continuing Russian shelling.
We mustn't ignore such a horrible act of Putin.
We learned many things from World War II.
Not to look away the war crime and to become humanely even during a war are a part of them.
We must reject the idea in justification of the war.

---
# Today
I watched beautiful fireworks just before.
Some volunteer fireworks technicians did it for cheering up students who couldn't hold several events due to COVID-19.
It was only about ten minutes, but I enjoyed it.

I worry about the invasion of Ukraine by Russia.
There are many refugees now.
And the number is going to increase much more.

Russia today is like Japan 80 years ago.
Both countries underestimated other countries' power and overestimated theirs.
And they both fail to accomplish their plans.
However, there is a big difference between the previous Japan and Russia today.
That's whether it has nuclear weapons or not.
I believe that Japan would haven't hesitated to use nuclear bombs if they had had them at that time.
Because the Japanese army was insane.
I'm afraid that Putin is also insane now.

In addition, we should worry about Xi Jinping after Putin.
He also wants to rule east and southeast Asia.
I might be better to move to some other area, where there is no ruler who uses power in a cruel.