---
title: "2022-03-30: English"
date: 2022-03-30T13:34:50+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/03/30 Multimedia Listening (KAT)
[5 ways to create stronger connections](https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_reffkin_5_ways_to_create_stronger_connections?language=en)

## Vocabulary
### pursue
1. to continue doing an activity or trying to achieve something over a long period of time

### genuine
1. a genuine feeling, desire etc is one that you really feel, not one you pretend to feel
3. someone who is genuine is honest and friendly and you fell you can trust them

### authentic
if something is authentic, it is real, or what people say it is

### realize
2. to achieve something that you were hoping to achieve

## Summary
To realize your dreams, you should use the time to develop relationships.
You can communicate easier than before, but the latest technology is too efficient for us to communicate with each other, so not heartfelt.
There are 5 tips to communicate with others, all of them are the old-fashioned way.
Firstly, write a letter. Secondary, use the phone. Thirdly, ask interesting and meaningful questions. Fourthly, answer questions with honesty. Finally, turn the video on.
It's essential for you to express your emotion to the person whom you want to get along with.
Nobody succeeds alone.
People around you will support your efforts.

## Takeaway
I agree with him totally.
The five ways can make me pleased and confident.
I'm willing to help the person who does them for me.
I'm reflecting back on things that I haven't done these ways.
The tips can make all of us happy, I suppose.
I'll try to do that hereafter whether or not it works well.

---
# The last weekend, today, and this weekend
I had my hair cut last week.
I've felt my hair heavy and annoying, so I'm comfortable now.

Last weekend, Saturday, I met my parents after a long time.
My parents like hiking and taking photos, so they visited scenic spots near my place.
We enjoyed tasty Japanese cuisine for lunch.
It was a good opportunity to catch up with each other.

I'm going to get the 3rd injection for COVID-19.
It's Moderna vaccine, but I've got Pfizer one the last two times.
I heard Moderna one can cause a high fever, so I'll prepare for it by pills lowering fever.
