---
title: "2022-02-06: English"
date: 2022-02-06T14:05:43+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/02/06 Multimedia Listening
[The best gift I ever survived](https://www.ted.com/talks/stacey_kramer_the_best_gift_i_ever_survived?language=en)

## Takeaway from the video
I've ever taken a lot of gifts from my family and my friends.
I really appreciate those gifts, however the best gift I remember.
It's a radio-controlled car for my Christmas Present.
I used to played it with my brother and friends all day long.
I made it run at a park, a river beach, and even in home.
In addition, I remember color pencils for my birthday that my parents gave me.
It has many colours, 24 colours!
I used to draw many things I saw, a clock, a flog, a cicada, characters in my favorite animation.
It brought me wonderful experiences.

Fortunately, I've never got the gift like one she had.
I've never had even broken bones and never had severe diseases.
I'm not sure if I would think positively like her.
Probably, I will cry loudly and can't receive the fact I have a severe problem.
I really admire her who overcome the difficulty.

By the way, Winter Olympic games began 2 days ago.
Many amazing athletes are making us surprised and impressed by their amazing performances.
The games will continue about 2 weeks.
After that, Paralympic is going to begin.
Paralympian are those who overcome their disadvantages and get along with their severe difficulties.
If I have a physical difficulty like them, I will not be able to do skiing, skating, running, or throwing at all.
However, they tell us that we are able to overcome any difficulties if you get into those troubles unless we never give up.
They are showing us that by enjoying their life and looking happy.


## Vocabulary
### adoration
1. great love and admiration

### admiration
a feeling of great respect and liking for something or someone

### overwhelm
1. if someone is overwhelmed by an emotion, they feel it so strongly that they cannot think clearly

### calibrate
1. to check or slightly change an instrument or tool, so that is does something correctly

### spirituality
the quality of being interested in religion or religious matters

### unsurpassed
better or greater than anyone or anything else

### humble
1. not considering yourself or your ideas to be as important as other people's

### serenity
very calm or peaceful

### nirvana
1. the final state of complete knowledge and understanding that is the aim of believers in Buddhism
2. a condition of great happiness and a feeling of peace

### profoundly
1. extremely

### alter
1. to change, or to make someone or something change

---
# Today
I'm lazy today.
I woke up late at 10am this morning.
And then, I watched performances of Winter Olympic games on TV, figure skating and snowboard slope style.
Their performances are so beautiful and amazing.

After this class, I will go surfing.
I went surfing yesterday as well.
This weekend there are good waves to surf, and so I'm happy.

I don't care who wins the prize.
I just want to watch their fantastic performances.

---
# Study supplement
## Part.7
### Vocabulary
#### accommodate
1. if a room, building, etc can accommodate a particular number of people or things, it has enough space for them
2. to provide someone with a place to stay, live, or work
3. to accept someone's opinions and try to do what they want, especially when their opinions or needs are different from yours

#### bypass
1. to go around a town or other busy place rather than through it

#### medieval
1. connected with the Middle Ages
2. very old or old-fashioned

#### outing
1. a short trip that a group of people take for pleasure
2. when someone publicly says that someone else is homosexual, when that person does not want anyone to know

#### abridged
an abridged book, play etc has been made shorter but keeps its basic structure and meaning