---
title: "2022-04-07: English"
date: 2022-04-07T17:57:52+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/04/07 Conversation (KAT)
I learned the elevator pitch, which is a technique on how to make introductions clearly and concisely.
I need to give the below when I introduce myself.
1. Name
2. Nationality
3. Job title
4. Company
5. Location
6. Purpose of visit (Pitch)

## Vocabulary
### alienate
1. to do something that makes someone unfriendly or unwilling to support you
2. to make it difficult for someone to belong to a particular group or to feel comfortable with a particular person

### conglomerate
1. a large business organization consisting of several different companies that have joined together

### In a job fair, you are asked to share something about yourself.
Hello.
May I introduce myself?
I'm Naoki Morita.
I'm from Kanagawa in Japan.
I'm a software engineer at Panasonic, which is a major Japanese multinational conglomerate company.
I'm responsible for developing a drive recorder system for the car manufacturer.
I have lots of experience in developing software related to the TCP/IP network on Linux.
I'm interested in the Cloud platform, AWS.
I have several qualifications in Linux, AWS, and network.

### Tell people about the change initiative that you're leading.
Hi, I'm Naoki Morita.
I'm a software engineer at Software Development Department 1, Section 2.
I'm working with a drive recorder team and a machine learning team.
I'm collecting members who are interested in machine learning.
Because we're going to develop the AI model that recognizes several objects and to embed it into a drive recorder system.
If you're interested in it, could you join us?

---
# Today
I got the third shot last Thursday.
I was OK last Friday, but I got worse after that.
I got a high fever, headache, and left arm and back pain last Saturday and Sunday.
Now I'm OK, I recovered completely.

By the way, the number of patients with COVID started to increase again, the government lifted limitations two weeks ago though.
It's endless.
I'll just get the shot again and again forever.

I watched the BBC news told North Devon has become the first place in the UK to be selected as a World Surfing Reserve(WSR).
I haven't known that.

* [North Devon first in UK to become World Surfing Reserve](https://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-devon-60979725)

---
# Review 2022/03/22 Multimedia Listening (BEA)
[Enter the Deadliest Garden in the World](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tboW11dMeKs)

I found the below link, which is similar to the above.
* [Deadliest Garden In The World | Earth Unplugged](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2oCWAiqL0i0)