---
title: "2022-03-22: English"
date: 2022-03-22T09:46:16+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/03/22 Multimedia Listening (BEA)
[Enter the Deadliest Garden in the World](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tboW11dMeKs)

## Summary
There is a garden in the UK that has a lot of poisonous plants, which have abilities to kill people.
The garden was the brainchild of the duchess intrigued by toxic plants.
An expert in the garden is always tending them very carefully due to the horrible poison.
Many people are intrigued by such plants, even though the danger.
However, many of those plants are very common and grown in ordinary gardens actually.
So, the expert is worried that people don't realize the poison.

## Takeaway
I'm not a green thumb.
I have grown up some plants and vegetables, like herbs and cherry tomatoes.
At first, they grew up well, and had beautiful leaves and tasty fruit.
However, I tend to feed too much water or a lack of water for them.
I fail to grow them up eventually, so they are died.
I need to study for growing up plants when I will do that next time.

## Vocabulary
### deadly,deadliest
likely to cause death

### poisonous
1. contain poison or producing poison

### toxic
1. contain poison, or caused by poisonous substances

### blister
1. a swelling on your skin containing clear liquid, caused, for example, by a burn or continuous rubbing

### stem
1. the long thin part of a plant, from which leaves, flowers, or fruit grow

### duchess
a woman with the highest social rank outside the royal family, or the wife of a duke

### brainchild
an idea, plan, organization etc that someone has thought of without any help from anyone else

### fascinate
if someone or something fascinates you, you are attracted to them and think they are extremely interesting

### intrigue
1. if something intrigues you, it interests you a lot because it seems strange or mysterious

### tend
2. to look after someone or something

### a green thumb
the ability to make plants grow and be healthy

---
# Today
It's cold today, like winter.
I'm doing good, working from home as usual.

All restriction for COVID-19 was lifted today.
The government decided it, because the number of infected people has been decreasing these days.
Many restaurants can't run at night until today, but they start to serve alcohol in the evening.
I hope that the next wave of infection will not come again.

By the way, in the Tokyo metropolitan area, there is not enough electricity.
Because the big earthquake last week stopped several power plants and people use an air conditioner due to cold air mass coming.
The government alerts that people should refrain from using electricity too much.
However, I'm using it because I'm cold, though.