---
title: "2022-01-20: English"
date: 2022-01-20T11:48:32+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/12/15 Correlative Conjunction

## 1. both ... and ...
Both A and B were equally important elements that needed to be given the same importance.

I'd like to accomplish both getting certifications and changing my job this year.

## 2. either ... or ...
The 'either/or' conjunctions are used to suggest a choice between two options.

I should choose either to change my job or to keep working for the current company clearly this year.

## 3. just as ... so ...
The correlative conjunctions 'just as/so' are used to link two phrases that have a similar theme or are referring to a similar thing together. This conjunction is used to show the correspondence between two phrases or words.

Just as I love surfing so I enjoy camping at seaside as well.

## 4. neither ... or ...
'Neither/nor' are conjunctions that are used to deny or negate words and phrases. In the case of 'neither', it gives two options that are both negated. 'Nor' is the negative form of 'or'.

I will neither stay at a place nor live in idleness.

## 5. not only ... but also ....
The correlative conjunctions 'nor only/but also' are used to show an additional and important element in the sentence that is used to indicate excess when combined with the first element.

He not only built his own oven but also designed his house.

## 6. whether ... or ...
'Whether/or' is used as a conjunction to show two different options in the sentence. The conjunction can be used both in a manner of negation and confirmation.

I don't care whether others laugh at me or they admire me, I'll just do what I want to do.

## 7. no sooner ... than ...
"No sooner ... than" is used to indicate that two events happened simultaneously or in quick succession.

No sooner has I arrived at the beach than lightning flashed.

## 8. hardly ... when ...
'hardly/when' is used to say that something has only just happened.

Winds had hardly brew when I reached at the beach.

## 9. if ... then ...

Even if that is the case, then I've already prepared for it.

## 10. rather ... than ...

I'd rather build software than lead a team.

---
# Study supplement
## Part.6
## Vocabulary
### sample: verb
1. to taste food or drink in order to see what it is like
3. to try an activity, go to a place etc in order to see what it is like
