---
title: "2022-02-10: English"
date: 2022-02-10T11:36:47+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/02/10 Conversation (KAT)
I learned thought and reconsideration.

## The example using vocabulary I learned at the lesson.
I had been enjoying developing software for several years.
So, I hadn't thought my career over well meanwhile.
I just want to have fun on my job.
However, I need to take through my career more carefully.
Because I've been required many tasks these days, which aren't technical.
It seems to me that my boss takes my ages into consideration   and change my tasks in spite that I don't request.
Unfortunately, many people have age prejudice that 40's workers have to do management tasks.
I thought six months ago I should change my job immediately, but I slept on it for a while.
YOLO, you only live once, is good food for thought for me.
I won't have second thoughts about challenging to new job.
I won't go back and forth about what to do hereafter anymore.
I won't take it back.

## Vocabulary
### think over
0. to consider carefully
1. to consider something carefully before making a decision

### think something through
0. to analyze in a logical way
1. to think carefully about the possible results of something

### take something into consideration
0. to consider as one factor in a situation
1. to remember to think about something important when you are making a decision or judgement

### sleep on it
0. to consider a situation overnight
1. to not make a decision about something important until the next day

### food for thought
0. something that is well worth considering
1. something that makes you think carefully

### have second thoughts
0. to reconsider, to doubt one's initial decision
1. to start having doubts about a decision you have made

### go back and forth (on)
0. to constantly change one's opinion or position

### take somebody/something back
0. to withdraw what one says, to retract a statement
1. to admit that you were wrong to say something
2. to take something you have bought back to a shop because it is not suitable
3. to make you remember a time in the past

### withdraw
4. if you withdraw a remark, criticism, statement etc, you say that what you said earlier was complete untrue

### retract
1. if you retract something that you said or agreed, you say that you did not mean it

### verdict
1. an official decision made in a court of law, especially about whether someone is guilty of a crime or how a death happened
2. an official decision made by a person or group with authority

### render
2. to give something to someone or do something, because it is your duty or because someone expects you to
3. to express or present something in a particular way

---
# Review 2021/08/11
About 20 years ago, I seized the moment that made my career changed into a software developer.
At that time, I was a security engineer who protects our customers from attacks on Internet.
I was tackling with configuring security instruments and deploying them.
It was fun, but I feel unsatisfied with it.
Because I've wanted to know more about network and software deeply.
I took into consideration that I needed to become a software engineer who engages into network to do that.
It was not wrong.
Now, I need to seize another moment for having fun on my job.
I'm studying hard these days to get opportunities to have fun job.

---
# Today
Today is the coldest day of the winter.
It's raining with snow mixed in.
However, it doesn't matter for me,
because I work from home and stay home all day long.

I've been enjoying watching the Winter Olympics since last week.
Ski, snowboard, ice skate, ski jump, hockey, curling and so on.


---
# Study supplement
## Part.7
### Note
設問に対しては、必ず本文に戻ること。

### Vocabulary
#### shortly
1. soon

#### quota
1. an official limit on the number or amount of something that is allowed in a particular period
2. an amount of something that someone is expected to do or achieve

#### refund
1. an amount of money that is given back to you if you are not satisfied with the goods or services that you have paid for

#### attain
1. to succeed in achieving something after trying for a long time
2. to reach a particular level, age, size etc

