---
title: "2022-03-29: English"
date: 2022-03-29T17:50:16+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/03/11 Current Events
[Flying Taxis](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2202/220217-flying-taxis.html)

## Tips for packing for a travel
I have a tip for packing for traveling abroad.
That is to bring the travel adapter that allows you to use your electronics even in other countries as in your home country.
The adapter covers various types of power outlets.
However, it can't convert electrical output current and voltage.
You might want to be careful about your devices that fit the electrical output.
You can feel anxious when you get lost in a strange place.
You use your smartphone for navigating yourself during a trip, don't you?
And you need to call when you get in trouble there.
Therefore, you need to charge your phone with the adapter.

---
# Review 2021/09/26 Multimedia Listening
[What squatter cities can teach us](https://www.ted.com/talks/stewart_brand_what_squatter_cities_can_teach_us?language=en)

## Summary
The large population is now moving to cities from country side.
They are escaping from poverty and getting wealthy as fast as they can.
It's observed that the birthrate drops in a city.
The world population will be a peek at 8 or 9 billion and drop rapidly.

## Takeaway
Many people in poor countries are escaping from poverty to gather in cities.
I think it's good.
And to get together lots of people prevents from population hikes.
I think it's good, too.
Because population surge can bring food shortage, and that will give us poverty and conflict.
However, I wonder that rising population will be stopped before the lack of food will happen.
Now, a war occurred and shortage of gas and electricity happens in succession.
Situation is getting worse day by day, I feel.
I'm worried about the future.