---
title: "2022-01-18: English"
date: 2022-01-18T17:23:37+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/01/18 Conversation (Yvee)

## Summary of the lesson
I learned how to say "goodbye" to friends or clients.
It means that there are formal and informal ways to end the conversation.
You should tell a reason to them for ending the conversation so that you show your respect to them.
Before that, you ought to refer that you enjoyed the conversation and it was meaningful.
In addition, at a business meeting, you can suggest the end of the meeting by saying your summary of the meeting.

## to friends
1. I'm sorry for interrupting.
2. Excuse I'll have to go.
3. It's time I have to go.
4. I'm looking forward to seeing you again.

## to clients
1. Thank you for your time today.
2. I apologized that I have other schedule.
3. I'd like to discuss this topic again.
4. Could you give me time next week?

## Ending an informal conversation
* It was nice talking to you, but I've gotta run.
* I'd love to keep chatting, but I have to head out.
* I'm glad to talk with you, ...
* I enjoyed this time. Anyway, I have to go back home.

And use "hey", "well", or "anyway" to introduce the end of the conversation.

## Ending a more formal conversation at work
* Okay, so I'll .... and we'll touch base next week.
* Anyway, I should get back to work.
* Well, I know you're busy, so I don't want to keep you.

You can end a conversation at work by giving a summary of the conversation or the next actions to take. This gives the other person a signal that you would like to end the conversation.

## To say "Goodbye" in formal or informal
* Bye / Bye-bye
* See you soon!
* See you later
* Take care
* Have a good one!
* Have a nice day!
* So long

## To say "Goodbye" in informal
* Take it easy
* Catch ya later / Check ya later
* Later!
* I'm off / I'm out
* Peace / Peace out

## Vocabulary
### touch base
* to talk to someone for a short time to find out how they are or what they think about something
* to get in contact

### so long
Goodbye

### be tied up
3. to be very busy, so that you cannot do anything else

### meet a deadline
to finish something at the time it is meant to be finished

### wrap up
to finish a job, meeting etc

### head out
leave or go

---
# Today
I worked from home as usual.

Lately, I read a book before going to bed.
Sometimes I'm into the book too much and I don't have enough sleep.
I read a variety of books, but now I'm especially into books which are written by Simon Singh.
He wrote several books about famous mathematicians, physicists, and astronomical scientists.
It sounds like difficult to read, but not like that.
He wrote them orderly and clearly for anyone to read with fascination.
I really enjoy reading his books.
