---
title: "2022-01-09: English"
date: 2022-01-09T18:44:40+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/01/09 Conversation (KAT)

## Vocabulary
### husky
1. a husky voice is deep, quiet, and attractive
2. a man or boy who is husky is big and strong

### gossipy
1. a gossipy conversation, letter etc is informal and full of gossip

### compliment
1. a remark that shows you admire someone or something
3. an action that shows you admire someone

### hesitant
uncertain about what to do or say because you are nervous or unwilling

### squeaky
1. making very high noises that are not loud

### nasal
1. related to the nose
2. a sound or voice that is nasal comes mainly through your nose

### enthusiastic
feeling or showing a lot of interest and excitement about something

### pitch
3. how high or low a note or other sound is

### reassure
to make someone feel calmer and less worried or frightened about a problem or situation

---
# Today
It was my wife's birthday yesterday.
I presented a bicycle for her.
Because it's very helpful for her, I think.
The town where we live is one of the tourist spots in this region and there are often traffic jams.
In addition, there are many narrow roads to drive a car.
Therefore, a bicycle is very useful.
On the other hand, there are a lot of hills in this town.
So, I bought a electric assist bicycle for her.
I hope it helps her to go anywhere she wants.

Today is a usual weekend for me, I went shopping and surfing.
The last few days, my wife and I play a board game, "Blokus".
It's a kind of encampment battle game.
We put our own block on a board with each other alternately.
It's simple but interesting.
You can enjoy it.

https://www.amazon.com/Mattel-Games-R1985-Blokus-Exclusive/dp/B001P06GXY