---
title: "2022-03-28: English"
date: 2022-03-28T20:36:36+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/10/03 Relative pronouns
[Cost of Living](https://breakingnewsenglish.com/2203/220328-cost-of-living-crisis.html)

## Summary using relative pronouns
The cost of living crisis are giving terrible damage to people who are on low income.
The are having to choose between heating their houses and eating, which will be exacerbated on the horizon.
Former UK Prime minister criticizes the chancellor to whom the government gives the financial responsibility to.
Government critics are calling for tax on the energy companies, which earn huge profits from the fuel hikes.

## Takeaway using relative pronouns
The price of gas, electricity, and food is rising these days, which is giving damage to people day by day.
The reason of the hikes partially comes from declining the price of Yen, which was super high before.
Because Japan, which is a small island country, relies on resource-rich countries.

Every critics who are always talking irresponsible are lambasting the government, however I don't imagine how to fix it.
In addition, Japan needs to care about China's ambition that unites whole world by Sinocentrism.
There are many problems around the world.

## Vocabulary
### soar
1. to increase quickly to a high level

### exacerbate
to mae a bad situation worse

### lambast
to criticize someone or something very strongly, usually in public

### compassionate
feeling sympathy for people who are suffering

### chancellor
3. the leader of the government or the main government minister of some countries

### hike
2. a large increase in prices, wages, taxes etc

### on the horizon
to seem likely to happen in the future
