---
title: "2022-01-28: English"
date: 2022-01-28T08:58:56+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/01/28 Conversation (KAT)
I learned direction expressions.

## for pedestrian
1. go straight
2. turn right
3. turn left
4. go past
5. cross
6. traffic lights
7. zebra crossing
8. roundabout
9. sidewalk, SYN: pavement
    - a hard surface or path at the side of a street for people to walk on

## Shape of road
1. crossroads
    1. a place where two roads meet and cross each other
2. intersection
    1. a place where roads, lines etc cross each other, especially where two roads meet
3. exit ramp
    - ramp: a slope that has been built to connect two places that are at different levels
4. T-junction
    - a place where two roads meet and form the shape of the letter T
5. corner
6. junction, SYN: intersection
    - a place where one road, track, etc joins another

## Types of road
1. road
2. highway
    - a wide main road that joins one town to another
3. freeway
    - a very wide road in the US, built for fast travel
4. alley
    - a narrow street between or behind buildings, not usually used by cars
5. lane
    - a narrow road in the country side
6. walkway
    - an outdoor path built for people to walk along, often above the ground
7. avenue
    - a road or broad path between two rows of trees, especially one leading to a big house
8. country road
9. overpass
    - a structure like a bridge that allows one road to go over another road
10. signpost
    - a sign at the side of a road showing directions and distances
11. bridge
12. boulevard
    - a wide road in a town or city, often with trees along the sides
13. tunnel
    - a passage that has been dug under the ground for cars, trains etc to go through

## Direction expression
1. go along ... until
2. around the corner
3. between
4. behind
5. turn back (go back)
6. go down/up
7. go over
8. go through
9. in front of
10. beside

## Asking for directions in English
1. Excuse me, where is the ... ?
2. Excuse me, how do I get to ... ?
3. Excuse me, is there a X near here?
4. How do I get to ... ?
5. What's the way to ... ?
6. Where is X located?

## House to hospital
Firstly, go over the street until a T-junction.
Next, turn the right at Grand Street.
Go past a school on your right, turn the left at a crossroad.
Go past a hotel on your right and turn right at the first cross road.
Then you will find the hospital on your right hand.

## House to cinema
Turn right at the first T-junction.
Go straight on Grand Street.
Across the Oak street, go past a market and a post office.
And then, you can see the cinema.

## My apartment to the nearest station
Firstly, get out from the front door.
Go north on the prefectural road and turn right to a side road.
Go straight until the end of the side road and go up and down a overpass across railroads.
Go along the left side of the railroads for approximately 1 kilo meter.
You can see the station on your right eventually.

---
# Review 2022/01/18 Ending a conversation
It's important to touch base online with our colleagues even under this pandemic.
You need cooperation from your colleagues to meet a deadline.
However, do you hold meetings too much, don't you?
Due to that, are you tied up all day with meetings, aren't you?
It's too bad.
You ought to wrap up meetings earlier, say "So long!" and head out.
Because you have a lot of things to do besides participating meetings.

---
# Today or this weekend
Today, I worked from home as usual.
There was nothing special this weekdays.
Anyway, I have two plans this weekend.
Firstly, I will have my teeth clean at a dental clinic tomorrow.
That's a regular checkup and cleaning.
Secondly, I will take my car to a car dealer to have car inspection.
We must have periodic vehicle inspection required by the Japanese regulation every two years.
Otherwise, you can't drive the car and can't get a car insurance.
Even if you hit someone, you must pay for it all by yourself.

---
# Study supplement
## Part.7
### Vocabulary
#### prove
to show that something is true by providing facts, information etc

#### sloping
a piece of ground or a surface that slopes

#### scenic
surrounded by views of beautiful countryside

#### take turns
if two or more people take turns doing work, using something etc, they do it one after the other, for example in order to share the work or play fairly
