---
title: "2022-02-03: English"
date: 2022-02-03T14:05:29+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/02/03 Conversation (KAT)
The topic at this class was about "Ideal people".

## About my best friend
My best friend is super energetic.
I met him about twenty years ago at the company we worked for.
The company was for Internet Security and he worked as a security engineer.
However, he didn't go to university, so he had been studied hard English and Information Technology at that time by himself.
Now, he can speak English smoothly and works as a site reliability engineer for a international company.

I don't think he and I have similarities in our personalities at all.
He is always aggressively self-assured, not like me.
He sometimes becomes egotistical and temperamental, then argue with someone.
However, it seems to me that he looks enjoying such a fight.
I don't like to fight with anyone and I feel it wastes my time.
Anyway, I respect such a person like him who is energetic and assertive.

## About car inspection
I left my car at a car dealer in order to have it maintained for car inspection the last weekend.
In Japan, we must have periodic vehicle inspection required by the Japanese regulation every two years.
It's very expensive about $800.
However, it defends us from lots of car accidents, I believe.
Anyway, I will pick it up and pay for it this weekend.

## Vocabulary
### feast, SYN: banquet
1. a large meal where a lot of people celebrate a special occasion
2. a very good large meal

### banquet
1. a formal dinner for many people on an important occasion

### likely
1. something that is likely will probably happen or is probably true
2. suitable for a particular purpose

### easygoing
0. a person who doesn't worry much or get angry easily
1. not easily upset, annoyed, or worried

### egotistical
0. someone who has a very high opinion of him- or herself
1. someone who is egotistical likes to talk about how great and important they think they are

### modest
0. a person who doesn't brag about his or her accomplishments
1. someone who is modest doesn't want to talk about their abilities or achievements

### stingy
0. someone who doesn't like sharing
1. not generous, especially with money

### supportive
0. someone who is helpful and encouraging
1. giving help or encouragement, especially to someone who is in a difficult situation - used to show approval

### temperamental
0. a person who has unpredictable or irregular moods
1. likely to suddenly become upset, excited, or angry - used to show disapproval

### stubborn
1. determined not to change your mind, even when people think you are being unreasonable

### brag
to talk too proudly about what you have done, what you own etc - used t4o show disapproval

### mood
1. the way you feel at a particular time

### unpredictable
1. changing a lot so it is impossible to know what will happen

---
# Review 2021/09/02 Prefixes
I don't like to be misunderstood about what I said.
Someone felt the opposite of what I meant when I did something for the person with kindness.
It might be overthinking, but I'm not good at communicating with others.
Half people whom I met don't like me, I feel.
So, I usually feel I don't like them.

---
# Study supplement
## Part.7
### Vocabulary
#### shareholder, SYN: stockholder
someone who owns shares in a company or business

#### projection
1. a statement or calculation about what something will be in the future or was in the past, based on information available now

#### highlight
2. to make a problem or subject easy to notice so that people say attention to it

#### innovation
1. a new idea, method, or invention

#### invention
1. a useful machine, tool, instrument etc that has been invented

#### issue: verb
1. to officially make a statement, give an order, warning etc

### Note
* elegant variation
    - say different ways about a certain thing in a sentence
    - 普段から気をつけておく