---
title: "2022-02-23: English"
date: 2022-02-23T18:39:51+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/02/23 Multimedia Listening (BEA)
[Thanking a Thousand People for a Single Cup of Coffee](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTN61bC5C5A)

[Host] Over two billion cups of coffee are consumed every day, and it take a lot of people to make just one cup. One man went on a quest to figure out what it's like to thank each and every one of them.

A.J. Jacobs is a writer who lives in New York City.

[A.J.] Hi, I'm A.J.

[Host] And he's the first to admit he can be a bit of a grouch.

[A.J.] My default state is grumpiness. I am very good at noticing all the things that go wrong.

[Host] So to make a change, he started giving thanks during dinner.

[A.J.] I would say thank you to everyone who helped make my meal.

[Host] Until one night.

[A.J.] My 10-year old son was like, you know, Dad, those people can't hear you. If you really cared, you would go and thank these people in person. And that's when the light bulb went off.

[Host] He decided to hone in on something he knew he took for granted every day:

[A.J.] My morning cup of coffee.

[Host] Over the next 12 months, A.J. set out to thank every single person who had even the smallest role in his morning cup of joe.

First, it was his local barista, the roaster, and the coffee shop sourcer.

[A.J.] Whenever I thanked one person, they would say, "Well, I couldn't do my job without this person."
So one person led to another, led to another, led to another.

[Host] He ventured outside the city, and eventually the country.

[A.J.] I thanked the folks who provide electricity to the coffee shop, the engineers who provide the water, the people who make the steel, the farmer and the importer, the truck driver, the person who paved the road, even the woman who painted the yellow lines in the road so that my coffee beans could safely arrive at my coffee shop.

I remember, I called the woman who does pest control for the warehouse, and I said, "I know this sounds strange, but I want to thank you for keeping the insects out of my coffee."

And she said, "Well, that does sound strange, but, thank you."
You know, I don't get a lot of appreciation in my job.

[Host] All in, A.J. ended up thanking over 1,000 different people, and while most were pleasantly surprised by his gratitude, it's A.J. who benefited the most.

[A.J.] The experience has made me grateful for the hundreds of things that go right every day as opposed to the three or four that go wrong.

I tell my friends that they should try these gratitude trails themselves. They could just be small gestures, looking someone in the eye, the cashier at the drugstore.  It could be sending a quick note to the designer of a logo you love.
I will tell you that it will make your life better. It's changed the way I live my life.

## Takeaway I learned from the video
Many Japanese people say "Itadakimasu" just before starting to eat meals.
It means that they thank to all people who are related with the meal, like people who buy, raise, or farm it
What's more also all lives of the meal, like animals and vegetables.
The habit comes from Buddhism.

However, most of Japanese are just grateful to people who buy it and cook it, I guess.
In my case, I say that wit
The article remembers me again that we should feel grateful to all people and lives.
Because we aren't be able to live without their help nad lives.
In addition, showing grateful will go around the world and will be able to make the world happier.
The article teaches us a tip of happiness.

## Vocabulary
### grateful
0. the quality of being thankful; readiness to show appreciation for and to return kindness
1. feeling that you want to thank someone because of something kind that they have done, or showing this feeling

### gratitude
the feeling of being grateful

### quest
0. long and challenging journey to find something
1. a long search for something that is difficult to find

### pave
0. to build a hard even surface for traveling
1. to cover a path, road, area etc with a hard level surface such as blocks of stone or concrete

### hone in
0. move toward or focus attention on something
1. to improve your skill at doing something, especially when you are already very good at it

### grouch
1. someone who is always complaining

### grumpy
bad-tempered and easily annoyed

### pest
1. a small animal or insect that destroys/ruins crops or food supplies

### a light bulb goes off
0. used to say that a person suddenly understands something or has a great idea. After thinking about the problem for several days, a light bulb went off in her head, and she knew how to solve it.

### cup of joe
A nichname for a cup of coffee.

### set out
1. to start a journey, especially a long journey

---
# Today
Today is the Emperor's birthday, national holiday.
So, I'm relaxed.
I woke up at ten am, went shopping and watched movie, Paddington.
Paddington is a live-action animated comedy film.
Paddington is a bear who migrates from the jungles of Peru to London, where he is adopted by the Brown family.
He is highly intelligent and he can use English.

After this class, my wife and I are going to cook Okonomiyaki, Japanese savoury pancake.
It's made of cabbage, Japanese yam, flour, eggs, broth and some protein like seafood or thin sliced pork.
In our case, we add Chinese noodles and sliced rice cake into it.
