---
title: "2022-03-17: English"
date: 2022-03-17T09:02:01+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/08/25 Giving and asking for advice
I'm not good at asking for advice from others.
Because I usually have my answer to the issue.
I tend to want an answer that fits my one, in spite of others suggesting their idea to me.
That doesn't make sense, does it?
Therefore, I try to solve it by myself.
Of course, when I have no idea, I ask like "What do you think?", though.

Likewise, I'm not a fan of giving advice and declining to give advice.
Even if I say like "If I were you", I'm not you literally and I don't know you very well.
In addition, I feel guilt when I decline giving advice.
Mmm, I'm not good at communication with others eventually.

---
# Review 2022/02/19 Multimedia Listening
[Less stuff, more happiness](https://www.ted.com/talks/graham_hill_less_stuff_more_happiness?language=en)

I want to have a large room, enough space that can have my surfboards and that I can work and make DIY.
Now, I can't afford it due to lack of income, unfortunately.
So, I'm investing myself, like online English classes, textbooks about technical certifications and so on, in order to change my job that brings me more money.

I don't want branded products, like chanel, gucci, or something like that.
I want something that makes me happier in ordinary life.
For example, I want to go surfing more often so that I need a house nearer the beach.
Or, I want a large room and high speed Internet access so that I can work from home more comfortably.
Or, I want a exciting job so that I can enjoy my work.
And so on.

I don't need something itself that I can buy.
I need experience and opportunity that make me happier.
So I buy something that I can use for happiness.