---
title: "2022-04-01: English"
date: 2022-04-01T17:14:20+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/04/01 Multimedia Listening (BEA)
[About us - what3words](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYVHzAGtJ9k)

## Summary
It's difficult to explain where you are correctly, especially in a strange area.
Also, to point out the specific location where you want to tell.
The what3words can make it by dividing the world into three-meter squares and giving the place only three words that you can remember easily.
It is helping to make the world less frustrating, efficient and safer.

## Takeaway
I've watched the video before.
However, I didn't understand what it told back then.
The what3words can get rid of frustrating navigation from us.
You can use only three words, then you can go there or share the place with others.
It's much easier than using the values of GPS.
Now, I did understand the what3words worthy, so I'll use it sometime.

## Vocabulary
### dare
1. to be brave enough to do something that is risky or that you are afraid to do - used especially in questions or negative sentences

### defy
1. to refuse to obey a law or rule, or refuse to do what someone in authority tells you to do

### tucked-away
1. to put something in a private, safe place
2. if a place is tucked-away, it is in a quiet area
3. if someone or something is tucked-away, they are hidden or difficult to find

### cottage
a small house in the country

---
# Today
I feel a bit dull today, because I got the third injection for COVID-19 yesterday.
I have a kind of muscle pain of left arm and back, as well as a bit headache.
According to the report of the side reaction, this symptoms will be gone tomorrow. It says that it takes about 48 hours to recover from it.
So, I will stay quiet and wait for recovery.

I don't measure my temperature.
Because I think probably it's OK.
What's more, if I know my temperature is higher than usual, I will feel worse.

I've been studying for the exam two weeks later these days.
It's one of the national qualifications, so quite difficult to pass.
The rate of passing is about fifteen percent.
I need to study harder for it.
