---
title: "2022-02-19: English"
date: 2022-02-19T17:55:27+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/02/19 Multimedia Listening (KAT)
[Less stuff, more happiness](https://www.ted.com/talks/graham_hill_less_stuff_more_happiness?language=en)

## Takeaway from the video
I really keep in mind to make my life simple now.
It doesn't mean that I buy nothing or I want nothing for my life.
I just focus on what are really valuable for me.
They are three. Just three. Family, surfing, and Internet.
Firstly, I love my family. I know every one does it. However most of them put value also on their friends. Of course, you can have your best friends, like a part of the family. But you shouldn't take care of ordinary friends and acquaintances. There is a limit on your love.
Secondary, I love surfing, which makes me feel freedom and relieve my stress. It make me feel that I'm a part of nature, and it gives ms energy to survive difficulties of the world. You need energy to live happily.
Finally, Internet. I'm engaged in Information Technology as a software engineer with network skills. I believe that Internet connects everything and everyone each other and that's a key to lead to happiness. You need purpose of life.
Therefore, I'm trying to think of those when I decided important things, like "That's helpful for the three?".
The idea can make me simple.

## Vocabulary
### conserve, SYN: preserve
1. to protect something and prevent it from changing or being damaged

### source: verb
1. if goods are sourced from a particular place, they are obtained from that place
2. to find out where something can be obtained

### crowdsourcing
the business practice of getting members of the public to do work or think of ideas for you, usually for little or no money

### tap into
3. to use or take what is needed from something such as an energy supply or an amount of money

### ruthlessly
1. so determined to get what you want that you do not care if you have to hurt other people in order to do it

### extraneous, SYN: irrelevant
1. not belonging to or directly related to a particular subject or problem

### be/fall prey to something
to be unable to avoid a harmful or difficult situation

### exploit
1. to treat someone unfairly by asking them to do things for you, but giving them very little in return - used to show disapproval

### oblige
if you are obliged to do something, you have to do it because the situation, the law, a duty etc makes it necessary

### wade
to walk through water that is not deep

### coincidentally
happening complete by change without being planned

### grand
a thousand pounds or dollars

### arteries
1. one of the rubes that carries blood from your heart to the rest of your body
2. a main road, railway line, river etc

### stem: verb
1. to stop something from happening, spreading, or developing

### rig something up
to make a piece of equipment, furniture etc quickly from objects that you find around you


---
# Review 2021/11/25 Participle clauses

## These days
Starting in this year, the number of patients with COVID-19 surged rapidly.
Despite of that, the government doesn't state the emergency declaration against it.
Knowing it gives severe damage to the economy, so they don't decide.
Now, infection remain high since beginning of this month.

Worried by the surge of the number, opposition parties criticizes the policy of the government.
Declared the state of emergency, Japan's economy can fall down, I think.
On the other hand, it's not that the government did nothing since the previous surge.
Having overcome the previous rapid increase, it prepared next increase.
However, Japan didn't have enough hospitals and doctors against the COVID-19 originally.
They couldn't increase the number of hospitals and doctors suddenly.

---
# Today
I bought tasty sashimi for the dinner.
I'm looking forward to it.
I love sashimi and often buy it.
There are many types of fish chosen for sashimi.
For example, Tuna, Halibut, Yellowtail, Mackerel, Salmon, Squid, Octopus, and kinds of shellfish.
Today, I bought flatfish with marinated kelp.
The sashimi has been sandwiched between pieces of Konbu kelp for a few days in order to transfer its flavor to the fish.
It's