---
title: "2022-02-25: English"
date: 2022-02-25T09:25:07+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/02/25 Conversation - Mixed Conditional

## 1. Present result of a past condition
### Functions
1. This refers to an unreal past condition and its probable result in the present
2. This expresses a situation that is contrary to reality both in the past and in the present

#### Structure
If + Past Perfect, Would + Verb(Base Form)

#### Examples
1. If Vladimir Putin hadn't invaded Ukraine, the enemy would be only the COVID-19.
2. If I had changed my job at that time, I would regret that due to the sudden drop of the stock price.

## 2. Past result of present or continuing

### Functions
1. This refers to an unreal present situation and its probable (but unreal) past result.

#### Structure
If + Simple Past, Would + Present Perfect

#### Examples
1. If I were super rich, I wouldn't have worked.
2. If this pandemic didn't happened, I wouldn't have studied hard.

---

# Today
I work from home today as usual.
This weekend, I'm going to take a TOEIC test.
I hope I will get good score.
Because I can get some cash bonus as a prize when I get good score at TOEIC. It's fifty thousand yen.

---
# Review 2021/09/12 Suffixes
Serendipity might lead you to happiness.
Or, you get more happiness and then find it.
Anyway, you need to keep always trying to do what you want to accomplish to get it.
Like, Newton, Einstein, Darwin, Curie, Galileo Galilei, and so on.
In my case, I don't need it.
I just want to live freely and comfortably through my life.

## Vocabulary
### serendipity
when interesting or valuable discoveries are made by accident

---
# Review 2022/01/28 Direction expressions
I sometimes jog. I'm talking about my jogging course.
First, go along Prefectural Route 30 until T-junction.
It takes about 15 minutes.
Cross the zebra crossing there and turn left.
Go through the underpass passage under National Route 134.
Turn left, and go along the walkway.
Go past a bridge and turn right into the walkway beside a beach.
You can enjoy jogging and looking Enoshima island.
That's my ordinary jogging course.

# Study supplement
## Practice: Vol.7
### Vocabulary
#### reimburse
to pay money back to someone when their money has been spent or lost

#### profitability
when a business or an activity makes a profit, or the amount of profit it makes

#### convertible
1. an object that is convertible can be folded or arranged in a different way so that it can be used as something else
