---
title: "2022-01-19: English"
date: 2022-01-19T18:17:32+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2021/09/16 Phrases to sound smart
I have a view on what you should do when we feel less confident.
Because I often feel like that.
Here's what I learned, it is that you should give the credit to your efforts and do what you should do and something that improves you.
Not all efforts will be rewarded.
However, at least you get confidence that you can keep improving yourself.
It's the key to be confident like that.

## Here's what I learned
* Syn: I think...
* Example: I've had some experience here. Let me tell you what I learned.

## I give the credit to ...
* Example: I give the credit for the project's success to my team's effort.

## I'll post you on that
I'll provide you with an update at the appropriate time.

## Good point, but...
You make a valid point. I'd like to put another perspective on the table for discussion

## I have a number of solutions..
* Example: I have a number of potential solutions to this problem.

## It sounds almost as challenging as that time I ...
...

## I hear you
I hear what you are saying.

## I have a view on that.
It's important to have a point of view on important issues, but it's equally vital to know if and when to share it.

---
# Study supplement
## Part.6
## Vocabulary
### merger and acquisitions (M&A)
when companies combine, or when one company buys another

### basis
3. the way that something happens, or the way that something is organized or done
    - on a regular/daily/weekly etc basis

### be/feel honoured (to do sth)
to feel very proud and pleased

### coincide
1. to happen at the same time as something else, especially by chance

### basement
a room or area in a building that is under the level of the ground
