---
title: "2022-03-18: English"
date: 2022-03-18T11:33:12+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/03/18
[Why do we get nervous?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hew3z2FIbME)

## Summary
According to the video, the athletes' method of overcoming stress and nerves can work for ordinary people.
Nervousness helps us to survive in a difficult situation originally.
Athletes use the mental imagery against those reaction to threat.
There are three methods, "Cognitive specific imagery", "Motivational specific imagery", and "Motivational General-Mastery".
They help athletes to get confident that is the most important to improve performance and overcome nerves.
You can use those methods, when you need to overcome stress and nerves.

## Takeaway
I tend to feel nervous when I face an important opportunities, like speech in front of many people, a job interview, and so on.
I have been trying to just practice many times again and again to get confident to overcome stress and nerves.
However, I hard to say that it always have worked.
I will try those methods next time when I have a job interview.
I wish that it will works and I will pass it.

## What I couldn't say
When am I usually busy in a year?
**T.B.D.**

## Vocabulary
### cope with
1. to succeed in dealing with a difficult problem or situation

### pituitary
the small organ at the base of your brain which produces hormones that control the growth and development of your body

### gland
an organ of the body which produces a substance that the body needs, such as hormones, sweat, or saliva

### adrenaline
a chemical produced by your body whn you are afraid, angry, or excited, which makes you heart beat faster

### dilate
if a hollow part of your body dilates or if something dilates it, it becomes wider

### pupil
2. the small black round area in the middle of your eye

### flight
2. when something flies through the air

### perceive
to understand or think of something or someone in a particular way

### stimulate
1. to encourage or help an activity to begin or develop further
2. to encourage someone by making them excited about and interested in something

### digestive
connected with the process of digestion

### tingle
1. if a part of your body tingles, you feel a slight stinging feeling, especially on your skin

### sting
1. if an insect or plant stings you, it make a very small hole in your skin and you feel a sharp pain because of a poisonous substance

### sensation
1. a feeling that you get from one of your five senses, especially the sense of touch
3. the ability to feel things, especially through your sense of touch

### imagery
the use of words or pictures to describe ideas or actions in poems, books, films etc

### mastery
1. through understanding or great skill
2. complete control or power over someone or something

### consistent
1. always behaving in the same way or having the same attitudes, standards etc - usually used to show approval

### kick in
1. to start or to begin to have an effect

---
# Today
It's rainy and cold today, like winter comes back.
This week, 2 days ago, there was big earthquake at the same point of the huge one eleven years ago.
Some people died and bullet train got derailed.
Fortunately, there was no huge tsunami.

---
# Review 2021/09/11 Tag Questions

* Auxiliary verb
    - be, do, have, will, shall, would,
    - should, can, could, may, might,
    - must, ought, etc

* Subject
    - Somebody/Nobody/Everybody -> they
    - Nothing -> it

1. positive + negative
    - **Let's** ..., **shall** we?
2. negative + positive
    - S + **never/rarely/hardly**, positive?
    - **Nothing** .., is **it**?
    - **Don't** ..., **will you**?