---
title: "2022-04-13: English"
date: 2022-04-13T17:34:25+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/04/13 Multimedia Listening (BEA)
[Niger wrestlers face off in championship event](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBCvQ66y8vM)

In Niger, second largest cities Zinder, an event that's as much of our culture and pride as it is competition.
This is the national championships of traditional wrestling held once every year.

Eight teams representing each of Niger's eight provinces have come together to compete in front of thousands of fans.

This traditional sport dates back to harvesting seasons when villagers used to fight after collecting their crops.
With the arrival of the military council in 1975.
They thought that wrestling would be the sport that brings all the youths together from the national competition was introduced.

Teams of 15 wrestlers are helped by their coaches and for some their sorcerers.
The role of the sorcerers is to write and play spells on their wrestlers and perform rituals prior to each fight.
But different competitors have their own theories on how to best achieve success.

This sport requires physical strength, good training, and an excellent cleric.
Some luck is needed, too.
Some wrestlers rely on sorcerers who resort to black magic and Zinn.
The holy Koran which is allies of worldly secrets.

For those who can't make it to the stadium, this is very much a television event as well.

Both viewers and spectators saw host province Zinder win this year's title after beating the defending champions.
Niger's Prime Minister Brigi Rafini was on hand to present the victors sword along with the $20,000 check.
And from there, it was time to celebrate with the people of Zinder and start planning on how to wrestle back the trophy again next year.

## Summary

## Takeaway

## Vocabulary
### date back to something
to have existed since a particular time in the past

### council
1. a group of people that are chosen to make rules, laws, or decisions, or to give advice

### sorcerer
a man in stories who uses magic and receives help from evil forces

### cleric
a member of the clergy

### the clergy
the official leaders of religious activities in organized religions, such as priests, rabbis, and mullahs

### spectator, SYN: audience
someone who is watching an event or game

### ritual
1. a ceremony that is always performed in the same way, in order to mark an important religious or social occasion

### cast a spell on/over somebody
to use magic words or acts to change someone or something

## Note
I need to use 5W1H(Who,Where,When,What,Why and How) for building a summary.

---
# Today
I'm sorry to late for this class.
The meeting was long.
This week, it's hot like summer.
Recently I study hard, because I'm going to take an exam next Sunday.
It's difficult to pass the exam as passing rate is about thirteen percent.