---
title: "2022-03-16: English"
date: 2022-03-16T11:46:18+09:00
tags: ["English self-learning"]
---
# Review 2022/03/16 Conversation (KAT)
I learned the idioms mean the beginning or the ending of something.

## Homework
* 4: Have you ever promised to turn over a new leaf? Explain.

Yes, I have.
When I entered a university, I have promised to turn over a new leaf.
Because I left my home town and began to live by myself in a city.
My parent had done all chores till then, but I needed to do those by myself.
I had enjoyed living alone and chores, which is cleaning up, cooking, laundry, shopping, etc.
I was sometimes bored with them though.

* 5: How do you usher in the New Year?

I usher in the New Year as ordinary days.
Because I don't change suddenly even if the New Year comes.
I need to do what to do one by one, not thinking that I can change everything at once like winning a lottery.
The bottom line is that I must be realistic if I'm clear on what I want to do.
If so, I believe that I can improve myself step by step.

## Vocabulary
### come about
1. to happen, especially in a way that is not planned

### usher something in
to cause something new to start, or to be at the start of something new

### kick off
1. if a meeting, event, or a football game kicks off, it starts
2. if you kick off a dicussion, meeting, event etc, you start it

### from scratch
if you start something from scratch, you begin it without using anything that existed or was prepared before

### turn over a new leaf
to change the way you behave and become a better person

### bear fruit
if a plan, decision etc bears fruit, it is successful, especially after a long period of time

### the bottom line
used to tell someone what the most important part of a situation is, or what the most important thing to consider is

### fall into place
1. if a parts of a situation that you have been trying to understand fall into place, you start to understand how they are connected with each other
2. if the parts of something that you want to happen fall into place, they start to happen in the way that you want

### come out ahead
to end up with a profit, benefit, or advantage

### commence
to being or to start something


## The takeaway from the class
Someone said that.
Despite lots of effort, not everybody bears fruit.
However, nobody bears fruit without lots of effort.

How much effort doesn't matter for success, I think.
Some people come out ahead soon after starting to challenge.
On the other hand, those people lose the opportunity to enjoy the process that leads to success.

---
# Today
I'm doing well except pollen allergy.
I have itchy eyes and a running nose this season.
Lots of pollen began to fly in the air.
So, I take eye drops and pills for them.

It has been warm these days,
and cherry blossoms began to bloom.
They all haven't bloomed yet,
but they will bloom at the end of this month.
I will visit a famous place for lots of cherry blossoms then.

---
# Review 2021/12/03 AIDA
Are you tolerant of stress?
Haven't you felt nervous so far?
To be honest, I'm sometimes nervous for big changes in my life and feel stressed for it.
I guess that everybody gets some stressed at the beginning of the business year, especially freshman does.

"Satsuki-byou" is famous in Japan, which is not a medical word, it's a symptom that people feel some depression after Golden week.
The main cause of that is stress or fatigue of fitting to new environment.
When you suffer the illness, you may get easily tired, have headache, not be able to get enough sleep, do your work effectively.
In addition, you may not be able to get motivated, feel down, get easily nervous.

You don't want to be such condition, do you?
You want to enjoy your work or study at the new environment and improve yourself, don't you?
You can make friends and build your widen network provided that you are good health.

So, it's necessary that you take care of yourself.
You shouldn't overwork and should get enough rest for your mental health as well as physical health.
You should do some exercise and enjoy your hobby.
What's more it's important to have healthy food, get enough sleep, keep regular life.
you might want to take a walk firstly.